These are in the Format as below , note that you can use [village] or [Village] in any of the text elements to refer to the randomly chosen village (that would be affected by population or happiness). [empire] or [Empire] refer to a randomly chosen other empire, that will have its opinion change if there's a value for that.  You can also use [leader] or [Leader] to use the leader's name, (or a random name that's saved if there is no leader)   Options will be unavailable if you have insufficient gold, but if both options are unavailable the second option will be selectable anyway, to avoid the game getting soft locked, but it is recommended to not have both cost gold.  
Event triggers the start
Main Text
Option 1 Button text
Option 1 Result text
Gold, village happiness, all village happiness, village population for option 1, Change in empire's relation towards you
Option 2 Button text
Option 2 Result text
Gold, village happiness, all village happiness, village population for option 2, Change in empire's relation towards you


Event
One of the few men in [village] set their sights on an impossible goal. They attempted to woo the most cold-hearted woman in town, well known for her habit of eating strangers, friends, and family alike. Today she strides through town showing off her large, writhing belly. It would seem that she finally grew tired of the man's annoying courting attempts and decided to gobble him up once and for all. With a wicked smile she arrogantly pats the bottom of her engorged gut and issues an ultimatum to her meal, "Tell you what if you can make me cum, before getting too soft, I'll keep you around!" With a sick giggle she presses her chest down against the top of her belly and begins taunting the poor man. What happens next? 
He fulfills her desires
Her arrogant smile vanishes almost as soon as the fake offer is given and replaced by a sudden grimace of pain. The woman lurches forward, slamming herself and her massive gut against a nearby market stall. The sides of her tummy bulge outward and begin to rythmically bounce up and down. Each movement elicits desperate gasps from the predator who tries to discourage her prey, "H-Hey! If you think something like that is going to get me to c- aah!" She is shocked as a sudden twist from within her sends a wave of feeling down to her crotch. Her nethers explode into moistness in front of the whole town. The mortified woman shakily stands and runs off. Surprisingly she later does marry the man but treats him less as a husband and more as a belly pet. She is often seen waddling through town happily rubbing her partner filled belly. With her husband constantly filling her gut the woman rarely eats other townsfolk, increasing morale.
0, 10, 0, 0, 0
He fails
Her belly begins to thrash wildly. Hand prints here, a knee there, finally a face pressing out against her stomach's side, all only manage to jostle her tum and tire the man out. The woman continues about her day, letting her gut thrash wildly as she shops and chats with some of her few friends. Soon enough her meal is broken down to a sloshing soup. She luckily finds a couple of teenagers late in the evening which she gobbles up. While her voracious habits prove ruinous for [village], many across the empire enjoy hearing of her exploits.
0, -20, 5, -3, 0

Event
A young woman in [village] has been courting one of the few men in town for quite some time now and she feels it's been going well. She even managed to see his penis! She masturbated for weeks on the memory alone. She feels she's ready to make the next move and propose marriage, there's just one step she needs to take first. Getting his mother's permission. Her boyfriend sets up a meeting between the two while he's out hunting. Upon meeting his mother she's immediately intimidated by just how large the woman is! Nearly double her height while her tits and ass rank at least four times larger than her own. After an awkward introduction the she finally manages to ask for the son's hand in marriage. The mother laughs and says, "Oh, of course! We'll just need to spend the day together beforehand though!" The young woman is so elated that she doesn't even notice the mother getting closer until it's too late and she finds herself tumbling down her soft throat and into a cavernous stomach. "If you can last the whole day in there, he's yours! Otherwise," the mother burps and pats her now rotund gut to make the point clear. What happens?
Love means endurance!
Despite her sudden consumption, the young woman is filled with fierce determination to see her boyfriend again! Thinking quickly she begins to massage the walls around her, calming the stomach and eliciting a smooth, "Oooh, very nice," from her soon-to-be mother-in-law. The two spend the day idly chatting through the mother's fat about her son and occasionally share a laugh and sweet memories. Finishing the daily chores proves calming for the mother as the young woman sloshes around within her calm gut. Eventually darkness comes and the mother lays on her side and begins to tuck herself, and her engorged midsection, to bed. "Goodnight, you seem nice! I hope you're still kicking in the morning," she muses while rubbing the side of her splayed out belly. The young woman keeps massaging and survives the night. As the mother wakes and finds her belly still massive and squirming she gasps in surprise. "well, welcome to the family I suppose!" The young woman is expelled from the mother's gut and the wedding occurs within the next week. The two live happily and raise a family of their own, 
0, 4, 0, 3, 0
Mother knows best
After being swallowed, the young woman begins to curse and thrash violently, causing the poor mother to grimace and hold the sides of her wobbling belly with her hands until it settles down. "My word, you're a fighter! Let's see how long that lasts, hmm?" With that the mother attempts to go about her daily tasks but finds it difficult as the young woman within her fights her acids. More than once is a dish thrown out of her hand or basket knocked over from the troublesome fighting. By the time night comes around the young woman is exhausted and the mother properly annoyed. "You've been nothing but a pain all day! The only way you're becoming part of my family is as a layer of ass fat!" With that she slams down onto her bed gut first, causing the wood to groan as much as her belly as the flesh from her massive tits and tummy fill the frame. Laying on her gut gives the poor girl within no room to move and suffocates her. By morning all that remains of the young woman is a bit of paunch and a new layer of fat. Despite the her demise, many other eligible bachelorettes in town relish the opportunity of a single man in town.
0, 10, 0, -1, 0

Event
The ambassador from the [empire] mingles with various powerful people in [village]. The talks are going smoothly but take a slight change as a servant walking by carrying a tray of snacks is suddenly grabbed by the foreign woman. Quickly shoving the whole platter into her maw she follows up by shoving the servant in as well. Her throat bulges and the necklace of pearls draped around her neck snaps, sending jewelry scattering across the floor as the bulges move their way down into her gut that stretches out beneath her fine dress. Both the platter and servant can be observed beneath the tightly packed tummy. What do we do?
Ask her to let the servant out
After a panicked conversation the ambassador heaves until the servant is thrown out onto the floor. The incident is embarrassing for both parties and serves to make relations more awkward. However the [empire] does send a small monetary indemnity.
50, 0, 0, 0, -1
Go on as usual
The party goes on as usual. The ambassador makes small talk with various players, though it does prove difficult with the occasional muffled interruption. Resting a gloved hand on an exposed hip as her dress is pushed up to accommodate her undulating belly, she laughs at a joke told by one of our priest. Her laughter causes her belly to bounce up and down, shaking acid all over the poor servant and after a final scream the belly goes still. Overall the night is fruitful for both nations as the ambassador, her breast now squeezing out of her tight dress, returns to her carriage and returns to her country.
0, -1, 0, 0, 1

Event
A famine has struck [Village]. The people are slowly starving as their cattle and crops wither and die.
Send aid, 100 Gold should be enough
The aid brought in should be enough to last the people until the next harvesting season. We have prevented a disaster.
-100, 5, 0, 0, 0
It's a cruel world. Encourage vore. The strong eat the weak.
The laughter and din of speech that once permeated the town is gone. Replaced by a cacophony of gurgling guts and sobbing as the people here were forced to swallow their neighbors and loved ones to survive.
0, -5, 0, -10, 0

Event
There is worry that the next harvest will be too small to feed our population. There is a well known witch that lives nearby. Many are wishing to call on her to bless our crops and the village but instead of the regular price the witch is demanding two sacrifices in payment. What shall be done?
We won't sacrifice anyone
The harvest does indeed come in too small and we are forced to purchase food from elsewhere.
-150, 0, 0, 0, 0
A small price to pay
The witch arrives and devours her payment in short order. Waddling through the fields as her stomach bounces to and fro, she begins to cast spells idly here and there over the plants."Oof, that should do it," she says with a burp as the two inside of her keep up their desperate struggle. Rubbing her stomach's sides she speaks soothingly, "Shh, it's okay. It's okay. Calm down it'll all be over soon." She then casts a spell, covering her massive bulging gut with a translucent green mana that seems to seep into her own flesh. After a moment her belly rounds out and the muffled screams go silent as the witch's gut sags low. "Well, that should be it. Thank you for your," she pauses for a burp, "patronage!" The witch pats the top of her stomach and wanders off back into the wilderness. The crops come in stronger than expected this year and profits are made.
100, 0, 0, -2, 0

Event
A new "Inn" has opened up in [Village]. Playing host to a number of beautiful predators the establishment claims to offer a night in their curvaceous bodies. The location is surprisingly popular and could boast revenue for us. However, guest have been going missing and the workers have been getting pudgier.
The establishment is too dangerous, close it down.
The poorly hidden predator den is shut down and the workers have been sent home. Some citizens disliked the move but overall things in [Village] has returned to normal.
0, -1, 0, 0, 0
If people want to be eaten, let them be eaten.
The inn is allowed to continue operating. While many of the guest end up going missing word begins to spread of the full-bodied staff attending to the needs of their clients and patrons from across the empire come to visit the voracious [Village] establishment.
300, 0, 6, -10, 0

Event
A wedding in [Village] has turned out disastrously. The bride, wrapped up in the kiss accidentally swallowed their spouse to be, leaving the poor woman standing at the altar with a wiggling, lover-filled belly. The spouse's family demands justice and offers to pay to see it carried out. The townspeople however ask for clemency for the woman as she's already gone through a traumatic experience.
Forgiveness shall be given.
Losing one's lover is already burden enough. The woman will have to live with the fact that they ate their significant other and the literal weight left behind on their tits. Perhaps they'll be more careful in the future.
0, 5, 0, -1, 0
Hand the voracious idiot over for punishment.
The spouse's mother makes quick work of their child's clumsy mate, swallowing them with a satisfied burp. Perhaps she can use the nutrients to make more offspring. The family pays us for siding with them in this matter.
100, -1, 0, -2, 0

Event
Terrible news. A new cult has formed in [Village]. The people there have begun to pray to strange, ancient deities which crave the undoing of our empire and people. Preachers of the cult are preparing to spread their message to the masses. If we are to act it will likely result is a massive slaughter.
There is little we can do.
The preachers spread their mad gibbering to downtrodden throughout the empire. Stories of high ranking individuals being assaulted and devoured by mobs of crazed cultist becomes the norm.
0, 0, -20, 0, 0
Cull the populace
The cultist are rounded up and executed. The leaders are brought back to the capital and paraded through town in the rounded guts of the officer in charge of the purge. Sadly the village was put to the gullet and it is unlikely anyone survived.
0, 0, 0, -50, 0

Event
A noble in [Village] has taken up a sinister habit. It seems they've taken to capturing the most beautiful women in town to add them to their harem and even their menu. The people are upset, but the noble offers to pay to maintain their lifestyle.
End this debauchery. Save the villagers.
Our guards storm the lavish estate, freeing the enslaved girls and earning the admiration of the local townsfolk. However, we seemingly anger a number of nobles across the empire who feel their rights are being infringed.
0, 10, -2, 3, 0
As a noble, such luxuries are their right.
The noble continues their lavish lifestyle and occasionally pretty village girls go missing. While the villagers despise the continued practice, the nobles across the empire appreciate the defending of their freedoms. 
200, -15, 2, -3, 0

Event
A group of suspiciously pudgy merchants from a local guild have arrived, demanding the city compensate them for a loss of product. With drool on their lips they begin to describe a shipment of slaves that went 'missing' in a city storehouse. 
Compensate the merchants for their loss. Keep them happy.
The merchants waddle off happily, rubbing their full bodies and full purses. While this is an immediate net loss, the merchant's guild will spread word of our backing of their associates.
-200, 0, 5, 0, 0
It is not our duty to pay for their meal. Upset the merchants.
The merchants are furious at the decision and insinuation that they would devour their own product. The merchant's guild takes a combative stance against our empire for the time being.
0, 0, -5, 0, 0

Event
A cruel and evil criminal leader has set up their base in [Village]. Reports of citizens going missing and sightings of well-rounded bandits came to our attention shortly after. The leader has come to us and asked if we would like to do business.
We don't do business with criminals
Our guards are quick to suppress the criminals in [Village]. Soon the streets are safe to walk again without fear of being eaten.
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
Eating law abiding citizens? They sound like our kind of scum.
The streets of [Village] have gone silent. Many have met their end in the pit of a bandit stomach while those that have survived have done so through bribery and hiding. The criminals give us a share of the loot.
400, -5, 0, -10, 0

Event
The wilderness near [Village] is actually populated by a tiny people no bigger than a few inches. These strange beings came to our attention when a villager caught one stealing from their pantry. The villagers are upset and are currently organizing to go wipe out the pest. However, there may be benefit in speaking to them!
We must work to understand our neighbors despite any inconveniences faced by the villagers.
While tentative at first, the tiny people soon warm up to our envoys. Apparently they're just as intelligent as we are and have always lived in fear of us eating them. Grateful that we prevented a genocide against them, they show unique plants that turn a nice profit on the open market.
200, -5, 0, 0, 0
Tiny people? There's tiny morsels in the trees? What are we waiting for! 
The extermination of the tiny race takes the villagers the better part of a day. It turns out they have a natural savory flavor leading many villagers to devour the pests. Despite their diminutive size they were so numerous that many townsfolk have to hoist swollen guts back to [Village].
0, 10, 0, 0, 0

Event
While exploring the wilderness an adventuring party from our nation discovered an ancient ruin full of long forgotten treasures. However, upon entering the main vault our adventurers found another party from the [empire]. What happened?
Our adventuring party came to an agreement with the foreigners.
The two groups helped one another clear the ruin of dangers, split the treasure between them and parted ways as good friends.
200, 0, 0, 0, 3
A fight broke out and the foreigners ended up dead.
The adventurers from the [empire] went on a journey through our digestive tracks and the loot was brought back to our people.
1000, 0, 0, 0, -3

Event
Due to the gluttonous vices stemming from the darker side of our civilization, a charismatic figure proclaiming herself to be the Messiah has stepped forth to oppose and counteract the forces of evil in our civilization. While this person may increase the morale of our people, leaving them unattended to preach will upset the Goddess fundamentalist in the [Empire]. What are your orders?
We respect freedom, let her do whatever she wants.
The sinful decadence which had resulted in many innocents meeting a gurgling fate slowly begins to erode as this self-proclaimed Messiah launches a morale crusade throughout our civilization's dark underbelly. While our people have gained newfound focus and unity the religious communities in [empire] are condemning us for allowing such a figure to insult their faith.
0, 0, 20, 0, -2
A Messiah, eh? Have her swallowed by a representative from the Church as an example to what happens to heretics.
The digested heretic becomes a martyr for their followers who take up protest against our actions. However, the [empire] thanks us for our decisiveness in dealing with this religious crisis.
0, 0, -20, 0, 2

Event
A strange parasite near [village] has begun infecting our citizens with a mysterious illness that appears to be impossible to cure. So far our healers report the parasite is extremely susceptible to digestive juices. They have no hope of finding a cure, and the risk of contagion is high. With this disease afflicting us, the town will suffer massive casualties. What shall be done?
Quarantine the infected. We'll have them live in isolated communities out in the wilderness. 
The people are grateful for us finding a humane solution to the issue. However, the populace taken to the wilderness can do little to assist our country and are a constant danger to those foolish enough to wander too close.
0, 10, 5, -20, 0
Hard decisions are always easier to handle on a full stomach. Devour the infected. 
Though the process is heartbreaking our healers stuff the infected into their bellies, letting their digestive system rid the community of the infection. The process has saved many of our people but they'll still resent us for a time.
0, -15, 0, -5, 0

Event
[Village] has taken to breeding a naturally lethargic livestock animal to maximize their stomach size. They have done so for public events allowing the animals to devour their slow moving peers in a display of voracious glory. The practice was recently observed by from the [empire] who consider the animal to be a pet. Seeing this display has worried them of our treatment of animals and they demand we stop this. However, it's become a big part of the local culture, and the villagers won't be happy if we end the games. What shall be done?
We must of course stop anything which even suggests cruelty to other forms of life. Put a stop to the games at once.
The people are upset that their fun times have been forced to an end by an overbearing government. The practice stops and the [empire] is relieved.
0, -10, 0, 0, 1
Invite some of the foreigners to the event… as the guest of 'honor.'
Upon arriving our guests of honor are seized and thrown into the pit with the voracious livestock. It doesn't take long before the screaming idiot is slurped down by the very creature their people wanted to protect. The sense of irony is appreciated by the locals but greatly upsets the [empire]
0, 10, 0, 0, -2

Event
People in [Village] report a variety of strange disturbances. Doors which open and close on their own. Strange lights in the night. A mysterious hole in the ground which screams. Our intellectuals seem to think [Village] might be haunted. "Building on the ruins of a previously failed city may have been a bad idea," they say. "Also, underneath that city was a town where everyone got eaten. Which was built on a graveyard." What shall be done?
Hire priest from the Church to come and exorcise the community.
Two priest arrive but soon go missing. Mysterious piles of glowing translucent goo appear where the priest were staying, terrifying the locals even more.
0, -10, 0, -2, 0
Ghosts don't exist. Fix the doors, fix the lights, and put some boards over the hole that screams. Tell everyone to get back to work.
After getting back to work, the locals soon discover that the haunted events were actually just a migratory flock of vagrants. The screaming from the hole was actually just a child who got stuck. Thankfully the screaming has also stopped.
0, 5, 0, -1, 0

Event
A giant white stag has appeared near [Village]. The event has thrown the townsfolk into a frenzy of praying. Apparently there's a local sect that worships the entity as a nature spirit. The belief is also shared by the [empire] who have asked for pilgrimage to the forest where it appeared. Killing it however would send a clear message to our people that such pagan religions are forbidden and would unify the rest of the nation.
Let the stag stay and allow pilgrims to come to the forest.
The locals spend a great deal of time celebrating the stag, increasing their morale considerably. Meanwhile the pilgrims from [Empire] are greatly appreciative for allowing them to attend.
0, 20, 0, 0, 2
Kill the god, then tell them we did it. Mount its head on a spike and send it to them.
Killing a pagan deity has done wonders for increasing uniformity across our nation. However, the [Empire] is rather upset and declares that they shall force our people into a gurgling doom for committing such heresy.
0, -15, 10, 0, -5

Event
The wilderness near [Village] is patrolled by a monstrously large creature, filled with teeth and ill will. It seems to have taken a particular interest in the town and has already devoured many with its aforementioned teeth and ill will. Our advisers have come up with a way of destroying the beast -- it's a really big spear -- but aren't sure what effect removing an alpha predator will have on the ecosystem or the impact to our farms. What shall be done?
We can't be reckless here. Keep the villagers within the walls during the night.
The ecosystem remains stable thanks to our weary behavior and a bumper harvest is brought in from the neighboring fields. However, people still go missing and many within [Village] have become paranoid and hold onto a constant fear that one day the beast will send them to a grizzly demise in its gut. 
200, -10, 0, -3, 0
The bigger it is, the tastier its meat! Bring it down!
The fight with the beast was harrowing. Two warriors were gobbled up into its insatiable maw but as it ate its sagging gut slowed it down. Soon the slowed creature is killed by our hunters and celebration erupts throughout [Village]. However, local prey species begin to reproduce rapidly and start to devour our crops. The situation leaves the town happy but our coffers lighter.
-220, 10, 0, -2, 0

Event
A person from [village] has been caught swallowing their neighbor's livestock. What shall be done? 
Leniency. Allow the person to work off their debt.
The punishment is fair and compassionate. The local populace appreciates our justice.
0, 2, 0, 0, 0
Stuff the criminal down the throat of the plaintiff.
The punishment surprises everyone with its cruelty. Even the neighbor acts shocked as their stomach undulates around the offender. The swollen cattle rancher serves as a reminder of our justice as they waddle through the streets. While [Village] may not like the outcome, the rest of the empire will respect it.
0, -10, 5, -1, 0

Event
The [Village] town square is abuzz with gossip this morning as a woman lays atop an engorged blob of flesh attached to her waist, anchoring her to the ground. Guards arrive shortly and wait for the woman to digest their hefty meal before escorting her to the guardhouse. The mortified woman, now sporting the fattest ass and tits in the village claims that she couldn't help herself as her friends offered themselves up to her after a night of drinking. What shall be done? 
An understandable situation. Let her off with a warning.
The woman is released and while initially ashamed of her public display of voraciousness, it doesn't take long for her new curvaceous body to start attracting suitors from all over the village. The sight of the buxom lady improves attitudes across [village].
0, 5, 0, -3, 0
Such tender, juicy girl meat. The guard captain just can't help herself.
The captain gobbles down the plump meal while having a private interview. After digesting the woman the captain spits up a number of pricey trinkets from the woman and the three friends she ate. The four of them were widely sought after as mates within [village] and their absence leaves many saddened.
120, -5, 0, -4, 0

Event
A famous warrior from the [empire] has come to [Village] to participate in a local tournament. However, as the time comes for them to enter the tourney they are discovered in their tent, sitting on the floor rubbing a tight, bubbling stomach with a wide grin on their face. It's soon discovered that they've eaten the competitor they were meant to be fighting. What shall be done?
This is unacceptable. Force their country to pay a ransom to return their warrior.
[Empire] pays the ransom. However the event leaves all parties involved angry.
200, 0, 0, -1, -1
Why is everyone upset? This struggle is as much a part of the tourney as anything else. Display them.
The warrior is paraded around the tourney space, their belly swaying to each step as the crowd watches in awe as our competitor melts away in the gut of a rival. Some cheer for an escape attempt as the gut bounces frantically but nothing comes of it and soon the bulges smooth out. The event is demoralizing to our national pride but the [empire] is elated by the win.
0, 0, -5, 0, 1

Event
A merchant from the [empire] has come asking to buy slaves. Apparently rumor has spread to their country that the people born in [Village] are so tender that they melt as soon as they hit stomach acid. Many people back home wish to try a taste. What shall be done?
We shall not sell our people as food!
The merchant leaves dejectedly but our people appreciate not being sold as cattle. 
0, 10, 0, 0, 0
They're right of course. Sometimes we feed our soldiers the people of [village] when they're hungry. Sell them.
The merchant is elated and buys a sizable portion of the populace. The townsfolk are furious that their loved ones have been sold as food. But the wealthy from [empire] are very appreciative for the meal provided by our pragmatic policy.
0, -40, 0, 0, 1

Event
Nobles from several prestigious house have come together to demand a tax exemption for the aristocracy. They declare that refusal to do so will result in rebellion 
So be it. Issue a tax exemption of 1,000 gold.
The tax exemption has brought many appreciative nobles over to the state's cause. However our coffers have been considerably drained.
-1000, 0, 20, 0, 0
Threats of rebellion?! This is treason! Crush the traitors!
A number of the arrogant aristocrats are captured and consumed. However many escape back to their various holdings across the empire and begin to plot the state's downfall. 
0, 0, -50, 0, 0

Event
A woman leads a collared slave through the streets of [village]. The female slave is nude, gagged, tied up, and sporting a tight gut with the bulging form of a person within. When questioned, the woman explains that the person packing her slave's gut is actually her husband. Her husband who had the audacity to have sex with the very slave he was currently curled up inside of. People are perturbed by this but the woman is confident in her ability to pay any fines. What shall be done?
Infidelity is no justification for murder. Free the man.
The woman is left upset as the guards untie the slave who immediately starts heaving to get their lover out of their engorged tummy. As he's freed the man and the slave embrace one another lovingly, sobbing into each other's arms. [Village] denizens are glad they didn't have to witness a voracious murder. 
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
A justified response. So be it, pay the fine and let the adulterer melt away.
The slave girl begins to sob as the guards take the money and allow the woman to continue on her way. Soon the slave's tight stomach rounds out into a smooth balloon filled with meaty stew. The display exemplifies the woman's power but unsettles many.
150, -5, 0, -1, 0

Event
[Village] is thrown into disarray as a traveler enters their town. A male traveler. The population here is predominantly female and those males which do reside here are jealously guarded by their wives or mistresses. The presence of an available man drives the women of breeding age into a frenzy of competition for his affection. The last time a man wandered into [village] several women ended up dead. Intervening would surely prevent death but it would also upset a throng of horny women.
Intervene. Keep the courtship rituals within reason.
Guards are stationed near the male traveler at all hours preventing any unauthorized access. Displays of affection that turn too dangerous are also quickly stamped out. A number of lucky girls get to spend alone time with the traveler but not nearly enough. Women across [village] are put in hormonal anguish as the man leaves.
0, -10, 0, 0, 0
These mating rituals are sacred to our people. Let the spectacle begin.
The man is accosted by women neigh constantly. Young women from across the village quite literally fight one another in an attempt to gain his affections. It even gets to the point that his suitors begin to devour their competitors to thin out the herd. Eventually one girl manages to swallow the last rival and claim the man for her own. The traveler has decided to settle down and raise a family with the gluttonous woman entirely of his own volition without any coercion of any kind.
0, 20, 0, -7, 0

Event
A taurus woman has set up a milk bar in [Village]. Word from all around is that the milk there is the creamiest, most delicious substance this side of the sea. However, soon after the bar's opening a number of people have gone missing. A quick investigation of the place reveal a person tied up in the cellar with a sign denoting them as "Creamy Milk.' Closing the bar would prevent any more people from going missing. But right now everyone loves the milk and don't know its dark secret so it could inadvertently lower happiness. What shall be done? 
Close the bar, save our people.
The bar is closed down and the proprietor and producer of the creamy milk is arrested. Many of [Village]'s inhabitants are upset at the closing of their favorite bar.
0, -10, 0, 0, 0
The bar can stay open, but only if officials can get this delicious milk for free!
The bar stays open, and the suspiciously large breasted bovine proprietor always has a fresh cup ready for any official that happens by. The disappearances go unnoticed and life in [village] is improved considerably by the presence of such an establishment.
0, 20, 0, -10, 0

Event
Recent political events have made it possible for us to make a declaration of intent regarding the [empire]. What is our stance towards them?
We seek to gain closer ties with their nation.
The world is made aware of our intention to become closer with the [empire]
0, 0, 0, 0, 1
We seek to incorporate their territories into our empire and bodies into our fat.
We make a threat of conquest and consumption towards the [empire]
0, 0, 0, 0, -1

Event
Refugees from the border provinces have arrived at [Village]. What shall be done with them?
Incorporate them into the populace. Build housing for them.
The refugees are welcomed but the extra housing is a bit costly.
-100, 0, 0, 20, 0
Incorporate them into the populace. Eat them.
The refugees are welcomed with open maws. The townsfolk savor the taste of their displaced neighbors, returning home with rotund, gurgling bellies and a smile on the face.
0, 10, 0, 0, 0

Event
Our huntresses find a lone male wandering alone in the wilderness near [Village]. Males are a rare commodity and often fetch high prices as slaves. However the addition of a male in a village will also increase population growth. What is to be done with him?
Capture him and incorporate him in the village.
The man is enticed to come back to [village] with them. Once there the women sort out what is to be done with them and several months later the female populace waddles about with rotund pregnant tummies.
0, 2, 0, 10, 0
We need gold. Capture and sell him on the slave market.
The man is brought down by a huntress who swiftly stuff the man into her belly before carrying them back into the town, enjoying every twitch and struggle made. Once back they're regurgitated and sold on the slave market.
250, 0, 0, 0, 0

Event
Word has reached the capital that a school teacher in a [village] tradesman academy has been devouring their students periodically. Upon investigating it seems the rumors are true. The instructor was found with a student-filled belly as they taught the abysmally small class. The teacher told us with confidence just before adding another student to their engorged frame that such methods, while unorthodox, will surely result in better citizens for the empire. What shall be done?
Perhaps so, but we can't allow our recruits to be devoured before they even set foot on the battlefield! Arrest the teacher and find a replacement immediately.
With the teacher removed the disappearances of students ceases almost immediately and those within [village] are happy their people are no longer ending up as fat on their teacher's thighs. However it seems that without a voracious threat looming over their heads, many of the pupils have begun to slack in their lessons.
0, 15, 0, 0, 0
Finally! Someone that understands! Promote them immediately! With their voracious discipline we shall produce the finest tradesmen in the empire!
With this ruthless instruction being encouraged across the empire's education those students whom survive generally feel satisfied with their education. They are also infamously ruthless, cunning, and voracious in their dealings leading to increased national revenue. Our teachers meanwhile have been enjoying reduced class sizes and extended waistlines.
600, -5, 10, -15, 0

Event
A wave of cannibalism has swept through [Village]. Citizens are constantly eating one another. The absence of full-bellied denizens has become a rarity and it shows no signs of slowing down. Many have embraced this culture of casual vore. Letting it continue would result in obvious casualties in [Village] but since people are enjoying this phenomenon it could be beneficial to allow it to continue. 
Stop this behavior immediately.
Authorities are ordered to arrest any citizen practicing casual vore. While the weaker members of the local community, predators across the empire are unsatisfied with our stance in opposition of their dietary preferences.
0, 5, -10, 0, 0
Our people are predators by nature. Our culture should reflect that.
The weak are devoured by the strong. That is a fundamental truth within our nation. The populace of [village] suffers from the dietary practices but those eaten usually don't have their opinion taken into account and predators from across the empire are applauding our stance on predation.
0, 0, 10, -15, 0

Event
Prey sympathizers have begun protesting in [village] they've already set up outside of the local magistrate's residence and have begun calling for anti-predation measures to be enacted to make [Village] more accommodating to prey species. Doing so would certainly attract settlers from far and wide, but may upset our nation's predators for restricting their diet and nobles for listening to this rabble.
They have valid points. Begin enacting Prey-friendly reforms. 
As new anti-consumption laws are enacted within [village] the town sees a noticeable increase in street activity as open displays of vore will result in arrest. Prey species from across the continent slowly begin migrating to [village], regarding it as a safe haven in a cruel world. However, tensions bubble up across the country as predators and nobles alike oppose this policy.
0, 20, -15, 25, 0
Urrrrp! Protesters? What protesters?
It turns out a gathering of weak-willed, prey loving bleeding hearts has a tendency to attract the more predatory members of society. Soon the angry chants for reform are replaced with a cacophony of satisfied moans and wet sloshing as happy predators return home with their bellies full. The nobility and predators are pleased with the outcome.
0, 0, 10, -15, 0

Event
A noble in [village] has taken their participation in the war effort very seriously. [Village] is well known for its natural resources. Iron in particular. The noble has been rounding up civilians and forcing them to work in the mines. Profits have increased dramatically but the suffering of the people should be considered. Some have already died!
We appreciate the effort, but slow down production for the people's sake.
The mine still produces much needed iron however at a much slower rate. The people of [village] are grateful for our mercy.
150, 5, 0, 0, 0
It is the lot of peasants to work. It's what we keep them for. If anyone complains, eat them.
Production is ramped up as we sanction the actions taken by the noble. Some miners attempt to resist but are eaten as punishment and an example to the rest of the workers.
500, -20, 0, 0, 0

Event
A recent crackdown has resulted in more prisoners then usual.  Questions have cropped up in regards to what we should do with them. Two lobbies, the merchant's guild and noble league have come forward with solutions. The merchants propose we utilize them as labor to increase revenue. The nobility meanwhile suggest handing out the criminals as "treats' for well behaving aristocrats. What shall be done? 
A supplementary labor force would do our infrastructure wonders. Put them to work.
Roads and buildings previously in a state of disrepair are soon fixed as a throng of unskilled prisoners set about repairing the structures. We save a tidy sum in labor cost and the increase of trade increases tariff rates.
350, 0, 0, 0, 0
Nothing keeps the nobility in line like a full belly weighing down their ambitions. So be it, feed them.
Our most loyal nobles are awarded for their fealty. Prisoners are divided amongst them as luxurious meal stock. Soon the council chambers and courts are filled with pudgy, if not outright prey filled, aristocrats going about their duties.
0, 0, 10, 0, 0

Event
An ideological revolution has taken place in [village]. It seems the citizens have banded together into a 'commune'. The people argue for equality and the dismantling for the vorish nobility. Embracing this would earn undying support from [village] but other more moderate communities would be deeply troubled.
Allow it to continue.
The capital remains idle at the rise of this ideology. The people of [village] declare this as a great victory. It doesn't take long before the ideologues begin calling our leader "Comrade.' The nobility meanwhile begin working to safeguard their assets and personal soldiery. Some may see this act of idleness as open support.  
0, 50, -20, 0, 0
If they want equality. We'll give it to them. All are equal before the gut. Round up the leaders.
The revolution's leaders are quickly rounded up and eaten after a brief struggle. Special care is given to ensure that all of the top protesters are stuffed into the same gut so that they may all melt together. The ideology, while diminished from the consumption of their leaders. May still rise up if given an opportunity to do so especially while the anger is still fresh in their hearts. Thankfully, nobles from across our nation pledge to support us in case any open rebellion should occur.
0, -50, 20, 0, 0

Event
One of our highest ranking officials has been caught sleeping with an important political figure from the [empire]. The affair has been going on for so long that a bastard has been born between the couple. The [empire] is asking us to acknowledge the child as the legitimate offspring of our official. Doing so would greatly anger our nobility but refusing would upset the foreigners. 
Acknowledge the child.
The pairing is acknowledge and the child becomes the inheritor of both parents. While this action will placate the [empire] our nobility is furious at the notion of a foreign born noble taking land from our people through birth.  
0, 0, -15, 0, 1
Refute the accusations.
The child is obviously an attempt for the [Empire] to steal our territory without taking up arms. Weak stomached cowards.
0, 0, 15, 0, -2

Event
An annual holiday has arrived! People across the nation gather to celebrate with friends and family. The festivities will surely increase happiness amongst the civilians. However, if we exploit the festive time we could profit greatly.
Take no action. Let the people celebrate.
Festivities erupt across the nation. Followed by a satisfied population.
0, 0, 10, 0, 0
There's no greater gift than a gift given freely. To me. Increase taxes.
A sudden spike in taxation rakes in a great deal of money for our coffers. However, the people are unable to afford many of their traditional festivities and are left sad and poor.
450, 0, -10, 0, 0

Event
A string of strange events such as a destroyed armory in [village], aggravated wyvern cattle, and a digested guard captain has resulted in a discovery. A spy from the [empire] has been skulking around [village] attempting to gather information on our nation. Capturing the spy would satisfy our nobility but letting them go may be beneficial to lulling the [empire] into a false sense of confidence.
Manage what they see then let the spy go.
The spy continues their work in [village] for a few days more. But with close supervision the infiltrator discovers nothing we don't want the [empire] to know. 
0, 0, 0, -1, 1
Spies are like traitors but tastier. Capture. Torture. Digest. 
The spy is promptly captured and subjected to belly torture. First the infiltrator is stuffed to the point of bursting with meats, vegetables, and herbs before lowered down into an interrogator's gullet. Sadly it becomes difficult to understand their confessions through stomach walls, sloshing, and sensual moans from our interrogator. The display however puts our nobles at ease but does cause concern within the [empire] when their spy doesn't report back.
0, 0, 5, -1, -1

Event
A golden age is upon us! Through the industrial nature of our people and cultural guidance of our nobility our nation is experiencing a period of prosperity. The only question is how will we guide it? Shall we strive to increase commerce or cultural enlightenment?
Cultural enlightenment
The nobility becomes enamored with religious symbolism and vorish art works. Soon great marble statues of full-gutted goddesses and pudgy historical figures fill palaces and concert halls throughout the nation.
0, 0, 10, 0, 0
Commercial incentives
Encouraging the growth of mercantile endeavors results in an aggressive expansion of our markets. Slaves from across the continent fill our trade hubs while gold mines in far off lands begins to trickle into our coffers.
400, 0, 0, 0, 0


Event
A struggle has recently erupted between [leader] and the noble council governing [village]. The nobles of [village] seek to reduce their tax burden in order to encourage growth. While this may be beneficial if word got out that nobles could defy the will of [leader] may encourage others to oppose them.
Side with the nobles
The nobles are right. [Village] could use more people. The burden of taxes is lowered so that they can encourage more settlers to arrive. The defiance, while slight, is still noticed by other nobles across the country.
-200, 0, -5, 20, 0
Actually, the town is about one council too large. Remedy the issue.
The argument is brought to a filling conclusion as the uppity nobles are stuffed one by one into [leader]'s gullet. Their muffled screams serve as a poignant reminder of our leader's authority.
0, 0, 1, -5, 0 

Event
A woman in [village] is arguing with her own swollen, struggling belly. It seems the spectacle of a lover's quarrel. The person forming the belly bulge upon which her tits rest apparently called their partner chubby, resulting in the current situation. The woman it seems wants an apology from her lover whom is defiant against both digestion and an apology. The prey argues that their consumption only proves their point. What happens?
Cooler heads prevail.
After a few more angry words and aggressive tummy smacks the situation takes a turn when the lover begins to massage their agitated partner from the inside. Soon enough the origin of the fight is forgotten and the bloated woman waddles off to a more secluded location. The two are seen the next day arguing with one another once again.
0, 2, 0, 0, 0
Hell hath no fury like a woman spurned.
The argument comes to a climax as the belly bound lover begins to kick and punch angrily causing both physical and emotional pain to their predator partner. In a fit of anger the woman begins to fill her stomach with caustic acids and after a final panicked struggle her belly wobbles one last time and becomes smooth. The woman, saddened walks back home with a slurry filled gut swaying side to side.
0, -1, 0, -1, 0

Event
During an inspection of [village] [leader] breaks away and begins walking through the town's backstreets. Coming to an alley deserted aside from a person fixing their roof at the top of a ladder [leader] walks over and shouts up to them. The sudden noise startles the home owner and they lose their balance. Opening their mouth in surprise results in the falling person to slide straight down their gullet. What happens next?
Show kindness
[Leader] quickly grabs the sides of their swollen belly and expels the home owner with a wet heave. The citizen, a bit shaken up but otherwise fine, thanks [leader] for catching them from falling and also letting them out of their belly and then goes inside. Word spreads of our leader's kindness.
0, 3, 0, 0, 0
Show voracity
[Leader]'s prey filled midsection barely even wobbles with only a vague hand print or wobble as they try to figure out what just happened. [Leader] licks their lips and pats the top of their stomach. This is much better than some inspection. Waddling into their meal's house, gut swaying, they find their bed and flop onto their side with a sigh and wet slosh to enjoy their meal. By this point the clumsy homeowner has figured out what's happening and begins to struggle and call for help but it's too late. [Leader] rubs the side of their wriggling tummy and speaks gently to their prey as they slip beneath their acids. 
0, 0, 0, -1, 0

Event
A particularly persistent noble suitor from [village] has been visiting [leader] almost constantly. The displays, while charming, are becoming a hindrance. What happens next? 
Accept their advances
[Leader] decides to reward the flattering displays and invites the noble into their personal chambers. Guttural screams, moans of ecstasy, and the shattering of a bed frame emanates throughout the surrounding area. By the time morning arrives few have slept. The noble leaves exhausted but extremely satisfied. 
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
Treat them as dinner
Getting the suitor alone is an easy task and eating them proves even easier as they were too distracted by a loving facade. Muffled cries of desperation escape from [leader]'s thick doughy blob of meat on hanging from their waistline. "I thought you wanted to get inside me,' [leader] remarks with a chuckle. "Might as well start massaging me, lover. You're all mine now and I want to add you to my ass.' A sensual night of digestion takes place. 
0, 0, 0, -1, 0

Event
The Blue Sashes, an organization known for its defense of the downtrodden, has established a small base of operations in [village]. The group has already ousted several corrupt magistrates. While the local citizenry love their actions, allowing such a group to act freely will assuredly affect tax revenue.
Allow them to continue
The Blue Sashes continue clearing out positions of power held by the corrupt, cruel, and inept. The situation embarrasses the local nobility but most of [village] is grateful for their presence.
-100, 5, 0, 0, 0
Suppress the Blue Sashes
These are state appointed magistrates. No private group has the right to challenge our authority. The base is raided and the local Blue Sashes leadership is devoured by the troops sent in. The base itself contains a small fortune. The people are upset at the suppression of the Blue Sashes.
200, -10, 0, -4, 0

Event
Blue Sashes, a group known for standing up for the rights of commoners, has come into direct conflict with a noble in [village]. Apparently the baroness has been allowing their personal guard to eat the people of [village] as a supplement to their rations. Several barricades have already been erected throughout the town and a fight is preparing to kick off between the Blue Sashes and the baroness's troops. We have a garrison nearby what shall be done?
Support the Blue Sashes. Arrest the Baroness
The baroness's troops prove staunchly loyal to the master which has fed them so well and fight back against our troops. However the Blue Sashes seeing our garrison attacking decide to sally forth and help. Soon enough the baroness and her men are all stuffed into swollen guts straining against blue sashes.
0, 20, 0, -10, 0
Aid the baroness. Such defiance is unacceptable
The Blue Sashes fight heroically against the combined forces of the baroness' troops and the garrison. Civilians also attempt to aid in the defense but can do little to stop the onslaught. Soon enough our soldiers are rubbing hero filled bellies and pulling out bile drenched sashes from their mouths. The baroness has sent over a chest of gems to show her appreciation.
300, -10, 0, -23, 0

Event
A conflict has erupted between two factions. The Blue Sashes and Knights of Avora have come into conflict in [village]. The Knights were rounding up sacrifices to be offered up at the next religious festival and began taking young virgins from the populace to do so. The Blue Sashes oppose the move and seek to drive the Knights from the town. What shall the garrison do?
Support the Blue Sashes. Protect the people.
The Blue Sashes are right in this matter. Sacrifices are not to be taken from our citizenry. The Knights of Avora are swiftly driven from [village] their bellies empty and with no sacrifices to show to the Church. The lack of sacrifices at the festival however leaves many of our religious citizens concerned across the empire. 
0, 10, -5, 0, 0
Support the Knights of Avora. The faithful are righteous.
A brief struggle breaks out between the Knights and Blue Sashes, however the well trained faithful make short work of the would-be do-gooders. With swollen tummies held tight beneath chainmail the Knights continue searching for sacrifices. Before long they leave the town with a sizable string of fresh slaves. The festival is attended by the voracious and faithful alike who get filled with both spiritual and voracious goodness to the point of bursting. 
0, 0, 10, -15, 0

Event
The Blue Sashes, a group of vigilantes, are attempting to bribe a local weapons supplier into selling them a bulk shipment bound for the army. What shall be done?
Allow the bribe to go through
The bribe continues without incident. Our agents are quick to seize most of the profits gained from the bargain. The nobility within the army however is upset at the delay in receiving their supplies.
220, 0, -5, 0, 0
Unacceptable. Devour the vigilantes.
The Blue Sashes find themselves coursing through the guts of the very weapon supplier they attempted to buy from. This act of decisive voracious loyalty strengthens the ties between the army and merchants guild.
0, 0, 5, -2, 0

Event
The Knights of Avora, a group of warriors dedicated to the Goddess of Vore, have come forward with an offering for [leader]. It would seem that their recent feats of consumption has impressed the Church and they would like to reward [leader] for their efforts. The offering itself is a set of twins from the [empire]. They are apparently related to some very important people. What shall be done? 
Deny the offering, return the twins
Much to the chagrin of the Church [leader] decides to return the twins to the [empire]. The Knights of Avora see this as a surprising showing of weakness from a supposedly strong leader. However the [empire] appreciates our actions.
0, 0, -10, 0, 2
Accept the offering, devour the twins
The twins prove to be a particularly filling and resilient meal. [Leader] is forced to sit down from the sheer amount of bouncing emanating from the globe of flesh attached to their waist. Luckily for them a troop of beautiful knights is nearby to rub their indigestion riddled bulges and entertain their voracious leader.
0, 0, 10, 0, -2

Event
A group of slaves fleeing from the servants of the Goddess of Vore, the Knights of Avora, have been discovered by a border patrol. They are all actually citizens from the [empire] and were captured by the knights several weeks ago in a raid. Apparently there were many more of them but the knights have been ritualistically and casually eating them. What shall be done?
Return them to the [empire]
The [empire] is appreciative for the returning of their citizens. The Knights of Avora however are aggravated at us for allowing their meal slaves to escape. 
0, 0, -10, 0, 1
Make a display of voracity
The Knights of Avora are summoned to appear before our country's leader. As they arrive, the first thing they hear is the sound of gurgling and muffled screams. As they enter the room they are met with the sight of a massively engorged [leader]. Their belly a great wriggling mass of people struggling beneath the surface. The foreign slaves met the digestive end they were destined for and the Knights of Avora are fanatically impressed by the powerful display.
0, 0, 15, 0, -2

Event
An ancient temple has been discovered near [village]. It would seem that the ruin is filled with both valuable treasure but also a number of monsters. While important, sending in the army would be unsightly. Currently two groups are vying for the rights to raid the temple. The Knights of Avora, representatives of the Goddess of Vore, wish to sack the temple and return the treasures to the state are one. The Blue Sashes, heroic vigilantes, wish to take the wealth from the temple and invest it in [village]. Who shall we send?
Send the Blue Sashes
The Blue Sashes successfully loot the first few levels of the temple, returning with a number of valuable artifacts which they sell to buy supplies for the downtrodden in [village].
0, 25, 0, 0, 0
Send the Knights of Avora
The Knights of Avora clear out the entire temple of monsters, returning with new fat rolls which tries to squeeze out of the chainmail wrapped tightly around their paunchy frames. The knights also bring back significant treasures which they turn over to the state as the true reward for them were the scrumptious beasts within the temple.
450, 0, 0, 0, 0

Event
A group of cultist worshiping the Patriarch of Prey has kidnapped the daughter of the [village] baroness. They seek to sacrifice the girl to appease their dark master. The Knights of Avora beg to be allowed to quash the cult as representatives of the Goddess, the Cult is their chief rival. However their zealousness may prove too much. The Blue Sashes also wish to go as the baroness is a good and kind noble whom they owe much to. Who shall be sent? 
The girl must be saved. Send the Blue Sashes
After a harrowing battle between the cultist and the Blue Sashes many are left slain or eaten. However, due to their careful planning and dedication to saving the relative of an ally, the baroness's daughter is rescued and returned to her family.
0, 15, 0, 0, 0
Let lose righteous fury. Send the Knights of Avora
The Knights of Avora waste little time before assaulting the cultist stronghold. The battle is a one sided slaughter as the well-trained, heavily armored warriors of the Goddess wade through the cultist as fast as their metabolism allows. Sadly, when the knight commander in charge of the expedition is asked for the whereabouts of the baroness's daughter she replies, "Right here,' and gently pats her engorged gut as a wild sloshing signals that anything inside is little more than a meaty stew by now. While the mission was technically unsuccessful, word of the faithful beating back the cultist fills many with optimism. 
0, -15, 10, 0, 0

Event
A coven of blight witches has set up near [village]. Already their foul magic has begun to corrupt the land. Native wildlife is beginning to die out and the witches often steal fair ladies for either spell ingredients or meat to fill their bellies. Blue Sashes request to go find the coven's lair and burn it to the ground. Meanwhile the Knights of Avora suggest using a group of blissfully unaware bimbos as bait to lure out the coven so that the lair may be left intact and looted. What shall be done?
Burn the coven lair
The Blue Sashes find and destroy the witch coven with fire. Screams from the evil spell weavers can be heard throughout the countryside and brings reassurance to the people of [village].
0, 20, 0, 0, 0
Lure the witches out and loot the lair
The bimbos are left in a clearing in the nearby wilderness, told there would be cake. One witch arrives and begins to cackle as she stuffs the plump body down her foul gullet. The terrified screams of the others soon attracts more of the coven. The knights wait in ambush until all the bimbos are gobbled up to make sure all the witches are present. Once the ambush is sprung, the coven is slowed by their full bellies and can't escape from the knights who in turn stuff the fattened witches into their own holy stomachs. The loot found in the lair proves far more valuable than some bimbos.
200, 0, 0, -5, 0

Event
A foreign exchange student from the [empire] has been swallowed by the daughter of a powerful aristocrat studying in the same academy. The young noble has not even attempted to hide and has shown up to class with a pulsating belly that stretches and convulses as the foreigner screams and struggles from within. There is still time to save them but if we do so an extreme punishment must be given.
Save the [empire] student
The aristocrat's daughter is subdued and their meal is expelled. To make up for this indignity the noble is fed to the foreigner. The [empire] student moans in pleasure as her stomach enacts cruel retribution. The noble fights hard and bulges constantly appear across the wobbling gut. Even several days later when the foreigner is returning home, their gut still wobbles albeit much gentler.
0, 0, -15, 0, 2
They should have been more careful
The noble continues with her daily activities as the [empire] student digest within their gut. Her belly is showered with attention and rubbed constantly as the day progresses, aiding her stomach in breaking down the foreigner. After digestion is complete, her breast and posterior have nearly tripled in size and she must suffer an embarrassing day of constantly ripping clothing.
0, 0, 2, 0, -3

Event
A human male has arrived in [village] from a neighboring nation. They plan to stay and have already bought property. His presence has prompted two women in town to begin pursuing him as a potential mate. The first is well known for her kind and calm disposition and is well regarded by the townspeople. The other is a brutally voracious woman that ate her own sisters but has the best tits and ass of the two. Who wins the battle for affection? 
The kind woman wins
The gentle disposition and calm demeanor wins over the man and the two are soon married. It doesn't take long before the woman's belly is round with pregnancy and breast heavy with milk. The town enjoys a population boom as the two produce numerous children.
0, 0, 0, 7, 0
The voracious woman wins
As the courting drags on it appears as if the kind girl may take the prize. One day however, the man's door is kicked in and a stretched gut crosses the threshold. The voracious woman devoured her competition and uses the weight of her love rival curled sitting in the pit of her belly to hold the man to the floor as she has her way with him. The two have a daughter of their own but sadly it seems the woman found the taste of her husband irresistible and swallows him also. However, the woman's massive breast provide plenty of milk for their daughter. The town is upset at the loss of both a kind soul and a rare male. 
0, -10, 0, -1, 0

Event
One of our most vital merchant groups has come under financial strain. It seems that the profits being made from our veteran tradeswomen are being drained by new blood. Bailing them out would stabilize the situation but put a major strain on our coffers.
Bail them out
The merchants are bailed out and the market stabilizes.
-1000, 0, 0, 0, 0
Have our veteran merchants downsize the group
One by one, the most savvy business women trick their rival merchants and swallow them whole. Even some of the new bloods manage to devour their seniors. Assets, both fiscal and physical, expand greatly after the consolidation occurs. Along with having less competition our merchants now also boast some of the biggest asses in the region, making those long wagon rides more bearable.
300, 0, -20, 0, 0

Event
The buxom owner of a tavern in [village] wipes down her tables as her huge belly sways with each swipe of the rag while stretching and undulating. It would seem that the customer refused to pay their tab and the proprietor preferred a meal to a deficit. What shall be done?
Cease this predatory practice. Fine her.
While it was too late to save the drunk gurgling away in her belly, a swift fine will discourage further activities like this in the future.
100, 0, 0, -1, 0
Seems perfectly fair. Encourage her.
The tavern becomes well respected throughout [village]. However many fear the venue and the encouragement of eating patrons has caused unease to spread throughout town. The owner had to hire a new girl to wipe down the tables while she remains behind the bar resting her massive belly across the countertop as unruly customers shift within her fleshy walls. Her increased caloric intake has allowed a new milk beverage to be sold as her swollen breast excrete delicious fatty goodness.
0, -15, 0, -3, 0

Event
A woman is found waddling through the streets of [village] with a massive sagging gut that bounces with each step. When confronted the woman claims to be heavily pregnant but a distinctive bulge presses out from the bottom of her belly reveals that to be a lie. She refuses to explain her situation any further and demands to be let go. What shall be done?
Arrest the woman and save her prey
The woman is put into cuffs and forced to regurgitate their prey. It turns out it was the daughter of a local noble! The woman is put on a short trial and sentenced to death by digestion.
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
A woman has a right to eat. Let her go.
The woman breathes a sigh of relief followed by a massive burp as their squirming prey makes one last desperate attempt at escape but does little more than make her tummy bounce. The predator chides their prey for their sudden outburst and forces her shirt down tightly over her wobbling belly thus restricting more movement from her weary prey. The next day it is discovered that a local noble has gone missing. The lack of leadership damages happiness in the town. The same woman is seen the next day happily walking the street with a massive set of new tits along with a fat ass and plump belly.
0, -15, 0, -1, 0

Event
The heat in [village] is absolutely unbearable this season. Residents have been trying absolutely everything to cool down. Two sisters in town who are notoriously beautiful but also stupid have gone to a new extreme to try and escape the heat. Sitting in a field near town one of the sisters has lain down as sweat runs down her massive tits that rest against her distended gut shaped just like her sister. Apparently the two came up with the idea to escape the heat and they plan to switch off with one another in a few hours. Her tummy undulates slightly causing ripples across her tits and thighs and causing her to moan in discomfort as she unknowingly digest her sister.
Explain the situation to the fool.
Trying to explain the situation to the dimwitted carnivore proves difficult. Throughout the conversation she asks inane questions while rubbing her sister filled gut ponderously. Eventually she is convinced to throw her sister up after being promised a cold drink. The devoured sister emerges burnt but otherwise alive. It likely won't be long until the two find themselves eaten but it won't be today.
0, 2, 0, 0, 0
Let idiots do as they please
It does not take long before the voracious sister passes out. Her sweat drenched gut however continues to melt down her sister. Upon waking up she discovers her belly considerably smaller while her breast and thighs have nearly doubled in size. Not quite bright enough to piece together what happens she begins wandering through town calling out for her sister. She rubs her belly as she does so due to indigestion but never figures out what happens. Eventually forgets her sister even existed and continues much as she had before.
0, -8, 0, -1, 0

Event
A brave warrior has appeared before the court with three captives from the [empire]. She offers them to the court but this has always just been a formality. The proper thing to do in this scenario is to thank them for their service and allow her to eat the captives before everyone. However, returning the captives would certainly boost our relationship with the [empire]. What shall be done?
Return the captives
The court is rather shocked at our decision. The young petite warrior is especially taken aback and she sadly holds a hand against her stomach as it rumbles. Our nobility are furious at this breach of protocol but the [empire] greatly appreciates the gesture.
0, 0, -50, 0, 2
Thank her for her service and allow to do as she pleases
The young warrior, despite her petite frame, manages to devour the first captive with extreme ease. She lets out a satisfied moan and rubs her stomach as she approaches the next captive. This one she has more difficulty with as the captive's massive breast get caught in her mouth. However, with a powerful gulp she sends the buxom prey into her gut. Due to her petite frame the outlines of the prey within her are clearly visible and don't move much as her skin is far too tight. The final captive, a male, she decides to have her way with there before the whole court. Many blush but more cheer. At the end she swallows him too, resulting an absolutely ridiculous midsection that anchors the warrior to the floor. She stays there, resting for a time as she digest her deserved meal. 
0, 0, 10, 0, -2

Event
A new crime boss has taken up residence in [village]. She has brought order to the streets through ruthless strategy and by digesting her competition. She offers to meet with us and our representatives are brought before her. The woman sits in a queen-like chair which can barely contain her ample posterior. Her massive breast rest atop a huge writhing belly that contains no less than three unfortunate souls. She offers to help fill our nation's coffers if we agree to side with her. What shall be done?
Attempt to arrest
Our representatives tell the crime boss that she is under arrest for disturbing the peace. The declaration causes the rotund woman to let out a deep belly laugh as she clutches the sides of her prey-filled gut. The jiggling of the tummy outpacing any worn out fighting from within. Her enforces quickly grab our representatives and they are one by one shoved down the woman's gullet. Soon enough the surface of her belly is plagued by bulges as the fresh prey struggle within. This meeting, while not ideal, satisfies her hunger at least. The woman is never found but our hold on [village] weakens considerably.
0, -60, 0, -2, 0
Agree and work together
The crime boss claps her hands loudly and calls for a celebration upon our agreement. Supple ladies are brought out to dance. As the dancers sway their hips, one by one they begin to swallow one another in a mesmerizing display. Soon enough the final girl, her gut swollen, commits to an elaborate belly dance. Even the prey digesting within her seem committed to the spectacle and use their last remaining moments to force her belly to bounce with the beat of the music. By the time the evening is done, our representatives are full and the dancer's gut has reduced in size while her breast and ass have increased. [Village] becomes very profitable for us.
500, 5, 0, 0, 0

Even
The rivalry between two beauties in [village] has become the talk of the town. The two had been competing for the town's only available bachelor and as such had been doing everything in their power to enhance their own looks and slander their rival. By chance the two come across one another all alone in the town bathhouse. What happens?
The two become close
The two speak long into the night and find they have much in common with one another. The two even begin a bawdy romance much to the joy of the town gossips. While this event has improved morale in [village], it sadly produces no children.
5, 0, 0, 0, 0
An opportune moment for consumption
Seizing her chance, one of the women begins to swallow as much water as she can when her foe enters the pool. Her scheme works, leaving the woman with a bloated gut. Even though her belly was full of water she could still feel the other girl's presence as the water sloshed back and forth. Sadly for her all the water slowed the digestion process considerably, meaning she was forced to tote around a huge belly for most of the day even after a night's rest. Even though nobody could prove it, her gurgling gut and sudden disappearance of the other woman meant that everyone knew what happened. The woman manages to gain the affections of the bachelor and a greatly expanded ass. The couple has two lovely children.
0, -10, 0, 2, 0

Event
A peasant girl from [village] going about her daily chores finds a wounded traveler having fainted from their wounds on the outskirts of town. What does she do? 
Helps the traveler
The peasant girl takes the wounded traveler back to their cottage and bandages their wounds. It takes several days but the traveler makes a full recovery. They offer a small amount of coin as thanks and goes on their way.
25, 0, 0, 0, 0
She eats the traveler
Placing the traveler's feet in her mouth, the peasant girl begins to gulp them down. Her linen dress stretches and almost rips as her belly expands to accommodate its meal. She breathes a sigh of relief as the wounded traveler curls up into a ball in the pit of her stomach. Continuing about her chores, the woman enjoys a smooth digestion as her wounded meal doesn't manage to put up much of a struggle. As the day comes to an end and she rests at home, her hands rubbing her burbling midsection, a final rumble and belly jiggle finishes her prey off. The peasant woman becomes a stunning beauty with wide hips and fat tits. Sadly for travelers across the empire, the girl develops a taste for outsiders and will often give them room and board in her belly if they're not careful.
0, 10, -25, 0, 0


Event
The largest woman in [village] truly is a sight to behold. There isn't a tailor in town that can find a fabric capable of containing her hefty breast and wide ass. Word has been spreading that two young ladies seek to gain even loftier assets. They are often seen comparing bellies after stuffing themselves silly from the town food supplies. Their breast already strain against their blouses as their rotund tummies process the food within. The huge woman was wandering the market in the nude when she catches sight of her two rivals fighting over a pig being sold. What does she do?
She takes them under her wing
The huge woman trained them night and day in the art of consumption. When regular food was no longer useful to fattening the girls up, she revealed her ultimate secret. Suckling from her breast, the girls become filled with rich creamy milk. The girls gained a new food source and the woman got help providing relief to her poor breast.[Village] becomes well-known as home to three of the largest women in the empire. Their breast nothing short of national treasures. The food cost however is considerable. 
-200, 20, 0, 0, 0
She eats them
The two smaller girls provide little resistance as they are grabbed by the huge woman and stuffed down her gullet. Her girthy gut rest against the ground and wobbles violently as the woman speaks to the two trapped within. "I was going to mind my own business until you two mongrels decided that becoming larger than me was a good idea!" she grips the top of her belly and squeezes, mashing her hand against one of the girl's hefty tits. "No one will be able to catch up to me once I'm done turning you both into meat for my behind!" True to her word, the girls add considerably to her already massive ass. The display of voracity concerns many.
0, -20, 0, -2, 0

Event
A small bounty was placed in [village] to slay a dire wolf that had taken up residence in the area. Two women, well known throughout town as being con artist are one group to take up the bounty. Not even an hour later one of them returns sporting a wobbling gut full of prey. She heads to the bounty office, claiming the prey gurgling away within her was none other than the wolf. Very fake dire wolf noises emanate from her jiggling flesh. However, few believe her and many swear to see a hand print or the occasional face stretch out across the surface of her belly. What do we do?
Reveal the con
The woman is accosted and the deception revealed. Having her regurgitate her prey reveals the one stewing away within her was none other than her accomplice. The two are forced to pay the bounty to the next group that actually accomplishes the task, resulting in a happy populace and no coin lost.
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
Have her digest the meal
"O-Oh! You want me to digest it? Right here? I was actually thinking of taking it home to… No? Well," she looks down at her wobbling gut and gently rubs the sides of it with a worried expression splayed across her face, "S-sure! I suppose that won't be a problem." She pauses for a moment before the nature of her digestion takes a turn. With a loud rumble the sounds of acid filling her gut fill the air. Suddenly the prey within begins to thrash wildly, much harder than it had before, and a person-like muffled scream emanates from her convulsing gut. With a frown, the woman holds her belly tight until the acids overcome her prey. Her rounded belly begins to shrink as her breast begin to strain against her blouse. The woman is paid and walks away apologizing to her shrinking tummy. Strangely enough the wolf problem remains and her partner is nowhere to be seen.
-25, -10, 0, 0, 0

Event
A skilled chef has taken up residence in [village], opening up a restaurant that has taken the food world by storm. A gourmand, well known for her discerning and refined palate has come to town to challenge test the abilities of this new chef. A crowd gathers, anticipating the magnum opus of the chef as the gourmand awaits her meal. What is served? 
A wonderfully cultured dish
The chef serves a meal that, while simple, truly holds the spirit of our nation in its flavor and texture. The gourmand cannot help but shed a tear as she consumes the dish. The meal receives high praise and boost national pride!
0, 0, 5, 0, 0
The chef herself!
The audience and gourmand are shocked when the meal is presented. It is none other than the chef herself, basting herself with succulent juices that flow across her breast and pool beneath her wide posterior. The gourmand hardly has a moment to react before the chef shoves herself down their throat, making sure to go down slowly so her flavor can be truly appreciated. After a moment too short, the gourmand's belly stretches and jiggles gently as the chef sloshes within. The gourmand, rubbing her breast with one hand and brushing the top of her belly with the other, lets out a satisfied burp. The chef hardly moves from within her ensuring no indigestion as they're melted away. "Amazing," the gourmand says as her perfectly smooth belly gurgles, "My compliments to the chef and this wonderful meal!" With that, she stands and waddles out of the building, her gut swaying back and forth. The audience is shocked and saddened by the loss of their chef however the gourmand pays handsomely for the meal she enjoyed.
200, -30, 0, 0, 0

Event
A young woman being trained under a retired warrior in [village] has been struggling to meet the expectations of her master. Though she is confident in her abilities she is still apparently lacking. What does she do?
She trains hard
Seeing the girl train with all her might fills the townspeople with optimism. Meanwhile her teacher notes that she has shown marked improvement and may prove to be a great warrior yet! 
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
She eats her master
After a grueling training session the girl's teacher begins to belittle her, stating that she will never be able to be a warrior at this rate. Angry, the pupil suddenly pounces upon their master and after a desperate scuffle swallows the woman whole. Sitting on the ground, the girl's stomach wobbles angrily as kicks and punches form bulges across her belly. Wincing, the student leans back and ironically uses the breathing techniques taught to her by the very woman struggling within her to keep her esophagus closed and meal inside. Two hours pass before the torrent of fight within her dies down. A gentle jiggle and rumble is all that remains of their mentor as the girl's belly goes to work breaking down the meal. The next day the pupil is seen and her petite frame has been replaced by that of a voluptuous woman.
0, 2, 0, -1, 0

Event
A kind heiress has recently taken over the family business after her sister disappeared under mysterious circumstances. The servants are terrified of their new, plump mistress. Every day after touring her [village] estate, the woman will swallow one of the staff members to struggle in her belly while she does paperwork. Usually she lets them out but sometimes her work runs late into the night and she loses track of time. Many servants sentenced to belly duty go soft before she finishes. She has apparently tried to eat farmyard animals instead but insist that she thinks most clearly with a person-filled tummy. What shall be done?
She switches to animals
The heiress, realizing the strain on her staff, decides to switch over to devouring whole pigs and cows. While filling, the dumb beast do not elicit the same excitement the woman needs as she works. It does not take long for her assets to fall into disrepair as her sharp mind goes. Soon she becomes little more than a fat hog gobbling up pastries and livestock. 
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
She continues eating servants
The business booms thanks to the woman and her keen business acumen. One of our officials visited her estate and were greeted by the sight of a stunning, voluptuous beauty with a full wriggling belly. As the two sat down for tea she spoke of her recent financial gains with the occasional gentle caress of her wobbling tummy. As they speak a sudden violent outburst from her distended gut pushes her back against the fine couch and pops the buttons on her blouse. Her breast, perky yet plump, rest against the top of her belly as a final wobble ends the struggle of the servant within. She raises a gloved hand to her mouth to conceal both a burp and surprised gasp. She had forgotten the time during the conversation! She sighs and rubs the sides of her engorged midsection as it digest the staff member. While this is unfortunate, it is clear that such dietary practices have greatly increased her mental abilities and has earned the empire much profit. 
500, 0, 0, -5, 0

Event
The local baker in [village] has made a small mistake this morning. Having forgot to eat breakfast she just couldn't help gobble up the first bodacious customer that wandered in her shop. Now she stands behind her counter, trying to downplay the wild sloshing and muffled screams as her tummy breaks down the unlucky girl digesting within her. Another girl enters her shop and asks about her sister who should have come in earlier. What does the baker do?
Convince her to look elsewhere
A clever thought comes to her and she convinces the girl to search elsewhere for her sister. As the girl leaves the baker lets out a sigh of relief followed by a gentle pat to the top of her wobbling stomach. "Looks like we got out of that one," she says to the woman struggling in her gut, "That would've been bad for my shop if it got around that I ate my customers." As the day goes on her belly shrinks, melting away any evidence of her voracious snack.
0, 0, 0, -1, 0
She has room for two
"Oh, why as a matter of fact I know exactly where she is!" The baker says, grabbing hold of the poor girl and gobbling her up. Her apron, already tight from the first meal, tries to contain the expanding gut but rips, leaving a loose sheet that does little to conceal the tummy. The two sisters are reunited within the baker's swollen belly that has increased to a size impossible to hide, forcing her to close her shop for the day. Resting in the back of the store, the baker massages her breast and fingers herself as her meal struggles. She realizes the girls are gone after a feel of her gut reveals its contents to be soft and mushy. As she works on the next day's batch of bread her breast take on most of the fat gained from the girls, granting the baker a buxom beauty that attracts more customers to her humble shop.
50, 0, 0, -2, 0

Event
A performer in [village] claiming to be capable of escaping any situation stands before a crowd of curious onlookers. "And now, I shall perform my greatest escape yet. However, I need a volunteer from the audience!" After a moment of scanning the crowd, the performer selects a particularly frail looking woman. She shyly approaches the stage with the performer's encouragement and a round of applause. "And now, I shall escape this very belly!" the performer says with a smack to the woman's midsection which elicits a gasp from the crowd and girl. The shy woman attempts to deny this but with more encouragement reluctantly agrees. She opens her mouth and with a few pained gulps the performer becomes nothing more than a strained bulge on the woman's frame. What happened next?
A miraculous escape!
The belly rhythmically sways back and forth for a few moments before the bottom of the girl's gut stretches suddenly and the performer comes launching out of the woman's open mouth. The performer lands with a flourish, enhanced by her now exposed breast that jiggle in the open air after the blouse containing them had digested away. Realizing this the performer laughs it off and compliments the girl's potent digestion. The crowd is entertained.
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
It seems they're stuck
The woman stands there, covering her face, as the performer sloshes about inside of her. The crowd watches her gut sway side to side as the performer attempts to escape. A few large bulges appear along the sides of the wobbling gut and at its bottom but nothing happens. Eventually the girl uncovers her eyes and watches with concern as her tummy lets out an ominous roar. Soon enough the hard lines showing the placement of the performer within begins to soften and round out. The crowd starts to break apart as it becomes clear that the performer won't be making a tremendous escape. The embarrassed girl rubs the side of her now slurry filled tum and waddles off the stage. The girl is seen the next day, her ass considerably thicker and still sporting a pot belly that contains the last remnants of the poor performer. 
0, 0, 0, -1, 0

Event
An elder sister of [leader] is a fearsome woman. Known to devour women and men alike for the slightest reason. Her wide hips and plump breast express this voracious aptitude. She is also considered to be one of the most intelligent women in the realm. However, her most recent diplomatic mission to treat with the [empire] envoy has met a strange situation. She is found with the foreign envoy halfway down her throat, moaning as the diplomat is engulfed by her voluptuous body. What shall be done? 
Save the Envoy!
The diplomat is pullet out of her throat before she can finish the job. The diplomat is thankful but the sister to [leader] is furious. She explains that showing voracity against the [empire] would have resulted in more support from the nobility. But now that chance is lost.
0, 0, -10, 0, 1
She surely knows what she is doing
As her belly swells out with the form of the diplomat pushes against her straining stomach skin with their contours the elder sister of [leader] strokes her tummy possessively as she swallows. Her gut sags once the envoy finally curls into a ball in the pit of her belly and she smacks her lips, letting out a long sigh and pats her distended belly. She walks around the room, her tummy swaying side to side as the envoy struggles within. She explains that this display of voracity will rally the nobles and encourage them to commit similar acts of bravery.
0, 0, 20, 0, -2

Event
A dashing rouge from the [empire] arrived in [village] the other day. They have been seducing women left and right, having their way with each. Until finally they set their sights on the most beautiful girl in town. Little do they know however that her curvaceous body was gained after eating whole herds of livestock. If they are not careful they may meet a similar fate. What happens?
They hit it off
The two become fast friends and lovers, producing a few children before the rouge inevitably wanders elsewhere.
0, 0, 0, 4, 0
The rouge makes a critical mistake
The dashing rogue in their arrogance begins their serenade by pointing out the many plump, heavy assets the woman carries. Angered by this insinuation of chubbiness the woman decides to add the rouge to her curves. A quick swallow sends the poor suitor down her gullet leaving them to curl up inside their would be lover. Even though her stomach is more than ready to accept the meal, the rouge squirms and attempts to escape. The woman smiles as her stomach overpowers the weak struggle and the shapes and bulges on her belly soften and form a single wobbling curve. Many women in town are grateful for this voraciousness and take turns playing with the now slurry filled tum. Foreigners from the [empire] however become fearful of our people. 
0, 10, 0, 0, -1

Event
An alchemist in [village] has been working on a new concoction. A potion of absolute supplication. With it, the woman will use her assistant as an example for what the asset could be used for. How does it get displayed? 
Commercially
The assistant become pliable and easy to speak with. Every suggestion followed and every deal agreed to. The potion is used by our traders across the world, particularly in [empire] lands. This fills out coffers considerably but also slightly upsets the [empire].
600, 0, 0, 0, -1
Voraciously
All it takes is opening her mouth towards her assistant to make the girl throw herself into the open maw. Kicking her head back, the assistant slides down her throat and fills the belly of her employer with enthused murmurs and moans. As she rubs her distended tum, she can feel her assistant shifting and stirring inside, tightly bound within her abdomen. Once the acids begin to pour in the moans turned to shocked gasps but the prey continues to nuzzle her stomach walls. Soon enough the gut becomes softer and squishier as her assistant sloshes through her intestines. Predators from across the empire love the potion and prey seem to enjoy it too!  
0, 0, 30, -10, 0

Event
Within the Great Maw Woods consumption is around every corner. A wayward explorer from the [empire] managed to bumble themselves into the depths of a carnivorous pitcher plant. Luckily a huntress from [village] was nearby and managed to fish the fool out. The explorer is weak but thankful. What happens?
They return home
Word begins to spread throughout the [empire] as the explorer recounts the savage native that saved them from an almost certain demise. Such stories do well for our reputation within their borders. However, more foolish adventurers are bound to enter the Great Maw Woods.
0, 0, 0, 0, 1
They become a meal for the huntress
With little regard, the huntress quickly stuffs the weakened adventurer down her gullet. Her well-toned tummy gives as little room as it can, keeping the explorer possessively snug and incapable of moving aside from the occasional wiggle. Pressing a hand against the side of her gut to prevent it from swaying, the huntress begins to go through the left over gear her meal brought with them. She finds a good deal of shiny trinkets and baubles that will trade well in the market. On the walk home her gut softens quickly and her breast begin to strain against the fabric of her bra.  
150, 0, 0, 0, 0

Event
The Great Maw Forest is a place of danger and voracity. However the tribes in [village] have always lived here. Two huntresses chat with one another, both sporting distended guts. The first, with a belly smooth and full of well digested meat, claims to have brought down a taurus warrior the other day. A slap to her gut makes the soft mass wobble along with her engorged tits. The second, whose belly still writhes and shakes, says that she caught a great beast. Occasionally she talks of how strong the creature is squirming within her tummy. As is custom, after a successful hunt, the best huntress of the day may mate with any male in the village which has completed a greater feat?
The devourer of the warrior
Pridefully, the woman approaches the captured male of her choice and has her way with him. Her gurgling gut having shrunk entirely by the end and her posterior increasing considerably in size. She gives birth to a pair of daughters which she raises to be as successful as she is.
0, 0, 0, 2, 0
The consumer of the animal
Though she has quite the time with her mate, the woman fails to become pregnant.
0, 0, 0, 0, 0

Event
A circus coming from the Plain Lands has entered [village]. It seems they have somehow made their way through the forest and seek refuge here. In return for allowing them to stay they will put on a show for our village. What happens?
Offer Sanctuary
They put on a magnificent show for the town. Everyone was particularly impressed when a lithe cat girl trapezes jumped off a high platform towards a large taurus woman wearing strange, gaudy clothing. Instead of splatting into the ground the woman opened her mouth and the cat girl slid right down her gullet, slamming into the bottom of her gut. The taurus woman, now sporting a gently writhing tummy, began to do tricks of her own before letting the cat girl back up and bowing to the crowd.
0, 10, 0, 0, 0
Eat the lost travelers
The weary circus folk prove to have little fighting skills and are soon gobbled up by the villagers. A few of our girls, giggling with one another as their bulging tummies rumble and squirm, begin to play around with the circus equipment. As one fumbles about, a violent struggle from her prey throws her off to the side to land on a hidden chest full of valuable trinkets. 
100, 5, 0, 0, 0

Event
The ever-hungry candy maker in [village] asked for an assistant to help her increase her product yield. The request was granted by the local chieftess. However it has been several days since she or her new assistant has been seen. Some people go investigate, what is found?
A cavalcade of sweetness
The candy maker and her assistant are discovered in the midst of a huge pile of delicious sweets. It seems the two were feverishly working on a huge batch of treats. Both being fueled on little more than determination and sugar. The treats increase happiness throughout [village].
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
A very upset tummy
As the door to the workshop is opened, gurgling and discomforted moans are heard. The candy maker, her body covered in gooey syrup and frosting, lays atop a sugar dusted table with a tremendously engorged gut that shudders with every breath and moan. She rubs the sides of her massive tummy but the contact makes the orb of flesh slosh angrily up towards her chest, pushing her cream covered breast and eliciting a pained burp from the sweets filled woman. The assistant is never found, but many assume the obvious as the candy maker tries to sit up and her belly wobbles with apparent purpose but not enough to warrant any action.
0, 0, 0, -1, 0

Event
One of our senior huntresses in [village] has issued a challenge of endurance to the new warriors. Any woman who feels themselves worthy may challenge her to a match. Should any woman best her they would receive her male and property, but should they lose she will eat them. Already several girls have taken up the challenge and failed, now little more than fat on her paunchy tummy. What happens?
The woman is bested
A young warrior manages to overcome the experience of the older huntress and soon has the woman at her mercy. The match being one, the warrior already lays claim to the male. However, seeing an opportunity for a free meal, the warrior quickly gobbles up the huntress. Her gut shifts weakly as her beaten prey can barely muster any resistance. Entering the home of the huntress, the victorious young warrior finds the sought after male. The woman waste little time laying claim to her new property. She becomes a mother shortly after.
0, 0, 0, 5, 0
The huntress wins again
A young warrior challenges the huntress but before the match can even begin it is already over. Using a leg swipe, the huntress causes the warrior to stumble right into her open maw. The huntress walks home as her stomach angrily shifts with the still energetic warrior trapped within her. Greeted by her two children and doting husband, the family comes together and help the huntress massage her indigestion riddled gut. Once her meal settled down and children sent off to bed, the huntress and her husband have a passionate night of lovemaking.
0, 5, 0, 1, 0

Event
Two women, a huntress and a baker, argue in [village] town square. Each of their bellies seem to be wildly engorged and as they argue the two orbs of flesh press into one another. The belly of the baker still writhes and kicks as the prey within moves. Meanwhile the huntress winces as the struggles from the rival tummy makes her own slosh and glorp as the slurry pumps through her intestines. It would seem that the huntress accidentally ate the sister of the baker. In retaliation the baker swallowed the favorite mate of the huntress. What happens? 
Remind the baker of how valuable a male is
The baker muses idly to herself while running a hand across the top of her struggling gut. Stating that while her sister is already gone with a quick slap of the gut she presses against she claims that the male belongs to her by right. Since bakers rarely get the chance to mate she will not pass up the opportunity. She strides off back home, her new mate squirming within her tummy along the way. Upon getting home she lets him out and lives with him. The two produce several children and on occasion the huntress is seen sneaking into the dwelling as well and becomes pregnant a few weeks later.
0, 0, 0, 10, 0
Seems fair
The two continue to bicker and squabble over their meals. However as the two get heated a loud gurgle erupts from the gut of the baker and her stomach gives one last tremendous wobble, causing both of their bodies to fully jiggle as the ripples transfer from her gut to the huntress. The surface of her stomach becomes smooth as the baker lets out a soft burp. The huntress is furious and swears revenge, but most townsfolk in [village] feel this to have been for the best.
0, 10, 0, -2, 0

Event
A woman with a sagging gut sits with her thighs wrapped around the neck of one of the [village]'s few males. With difficulty he pushes her sloshing gut up and down over and over, each time her stomach shifts and groans as bones jut out from her previous meal. With each push she lets out a sigh of pleasure and arches her back causing the woman's already heavy breast to wobble each time. "Twenty more, or you're not fit to be my mate! You wouldn't want to end up like your girlfriend, would you?" she taunts, licking her teeth, as the man hoists her gut once more. What shall be done? 
Arrest the cannibal
The guards grab hold of the woman and drag her away, kicking, screaming, and jiggling wildly. The man is let free but it doesn't take long for many of the village's weaker women to swoop in to "console" the poor creature. The move pleases most women in [village].
0, 8, 0, -1, 0
A perfectly normal situation
Just as the male seemed as if her would complete the grueling exercise his arms give out, leaving him trapped beneath the mocking woman's engorged gut. As he lay there heaving the woman leans forward, pressing more of her weight into him and begins to taunt him, "Oh no, poor thing! Doesn't look like you could manage it. You know what that means." She unlocks her thighs from around his neck and swings to press her face close to his. She begins to menacingly lick his face up and down, chuckling the whole time as she presses her heaving breast against his chest. Just as it looks like she's about to swallow his head she suddenly stops and goes in for a deep, greedy kiss. Despite her almost constant threats she never eats the man and turns out to be a devoted wife and mother to their many children. Many rival women in town are jealous of her dominance of one of the village's few males. 
0, -3, 0, 5, 0

Event
A huntress from [village] found a human male wandering through the wilderness nearby. Overly excited and not wanting to let such a rare find escape her, the huntress pounces and swallows him whole. Rolling over onto her back, the huntress massages her distended gut. She hadn't intended to eat him as males are often too rare to just digest but his taste was something otherworldly and the way he moves within her excites her like no other prey ever has before. Thankfully the huntress has expert control over her belly after many years of practice. She wonders what she should do with the man making her tummy wobble.
She keeps him
As she lays, contemplating what to do with the person shifting within her stomach, the man begins to do something unexpected. Bulges press out from her midsection, forming defined hand prints that begin to trace back and forth across her form. The massage surprises the huntress and she is unsure what to do, only holding her own hand against the print appearing on her stomach. Suddenly the bulges vanish and she can't help but watch her engorged tummy with curiosity, wondering what the man inside will do next or if that was it. Suddenly her gut begins to thrash wildly, sending a shock of pleasure through her body, causing her back to arch and breath to become ragged. Her breast even begin to leak a bit of milk despite her never being pregnant. She decides then and there that such a prize can't simply be digested and the huntress quickly hoists herself up and carries her new mate back to [village]. The two become inseparable as the huntress latches onto her found mate, never letting him far out of her sight. The two have several children which they dote on.  
0, 2, 0, 5, 0
She digests him
Watching her stomach undulate as the man moves beneath the surface of her skin, the huntress comes to the conclusion that while having a male for herself would be nice if he could be eaten so easily it would be inevitable that some other girl in [village] would gobble him up while she was away. She rolls over onto her side, her stomach sloshes angrily at the sudden movement and she presses a hand against the writhing blob of flesh to settle its movement. "I'm really just saving us both from a later heartbreak. Besides," the huntress pauses as she lets go of the control over her veteran belly and acids begin to fill the chamber, "you're simply too delicious to let go." With that her belly begins to thrash angrily as the man within tries to fight their way out with renewed vigor. She winces at first, rubbing the bulges appearing across her gut, but the man stands little chance against her acids and the struggle soon dies down. With a happy burp and pat to the gut, the huntress hoist herself up and starts heading home. By the time she returns to the village her gut is flat again. Her thighs and tits however have nearly doubled in size, causing her homespun garb to strain and rip in places.   
0, 5, 0, 0, 0

Event
The people of [village] do not have any prisons or holding areas for their prisoners. Instead they depend on a woman with remarkable control over her digestive system. Those who commit minor crimes are usually stuffed down into the woman's belly where they'll spend several months if not years. The woman's engorged gut is rarely unfilled as there is always some issue that needs punishing but she can usually go about her usual tasks. Recently however a trio of troublemakers were sentenced to a whole year in her tummy! This, on top of her other occupants, has made it all but impossible for the poor girl to move. A particular issue for her is the fact that she is finally in heat and desperately wants a child. However with her massive belly hunting down a man would be all but impossible. Bribing another woman in [village] for the use of her mate is always possible or we could always just let nature take its course. As she is a servant of the state we must help.
Pay for a male to mate with her
A local craftswoman proved willing to stud her husband to impregnate our servant. She does however manage to sell her mate's precious semen and time at a premium. The mating proves to be a difficult process as the woman's gut proves too massive for the two to go at it from the front, forcing the man to pound it from behind her while grabbing onto her jiggling thighs to guide each thrust. At one point a prisoner manages to get their forearm out of the woman's throat after a hard push from her partner. Thankfully she manages to gulp them back down, sending ripples across her form as the prisoner settles. The impregnation takes and the woman has several children. However a surprise during the early pregnancy as her body greedily sought nutrients and actually digested one of the prisoners. Thankfully the rest managed to survive until their sentences ended.
-200, 5, 0, 5, 0
Let her digest the criminals
As she is informed she can simply digest the criminals the woman tenderly touches the bulges dancing across her belly and says, "But they didn't do anything that deserves that!" She pauses for a moment as a soft gurgle escapes from her massive tummy, "Well, if I'm honest, having all of them inside of me and not digesting them has been really hard on me. I've kept them safe for so long, maybe," she presses down on one of the larger bulges forming along the side of her gut with purpose, "I deserve this." Her stomach suddenly explodes into action as the prisoners within suddenly get coated in burning juices. It doesn't take long before they're all melted away into her now massive ass and huge breast. She goes out to hunt for a mate and several days later happily returns with a small twig of a man who nearly vanishes each time she hugs him into her generous bust. A human merchant that lost his way. He brings gold and business ties with the [empire] with him. 
100, -5, 0, -6, 1

Event
One of our raiders managed to find a trade convoy near [village]. She made quick work of the caravan guard with a deft spear that buried itself between her breast. The human merchant managed to cover himself in some kind of strange purple liquid before our raider got to him but he proved to hardly be a fight as the young woman greedily gobbled the poor fellow up. With a burp and a satisfied pat to the side of her engorged gut the raider asks her meal, "What did you cover yourself in? Doesn't seem like it worked." Her gut shifts around and a pair of hand prints press against the top of her stomach. A face appears between the hand prints and he explains that he drenched himself with a potion of acid immunity. She won't be able to digest him for a very, very long time. The raider looks down at the face straining against her flesh. It seems the two of them are in for a long experience. What happens?
The prey charms the predator
The two sit near the wagon for a long time. Her with her back against the wheel and sighs from boredom as he wiggles inside of her gut. "I've got to say, you really are talented. The way you killed my guard was expertly done. She didn't even have a chance!" The compliment surprises the raider and she perks up a bit. Soon enough the raider is boasting about her various accomplishments and seemingly forgets that she's talking to someone she was currently trying to digest. After another hour or so the man shifts positions, interrupting the now chatty raider with a wobble, "You know, my mother always told me I needed to find a strong woman to protect me or I'd get eaten up." the two laugh but stop when her belly lets out an angry gurgle, "Look under the carriage, there's something I want you to have." She reaches in and finds what he says is his mother's ring. The gesture along with the conversation enamors the raider and she can't bring herself to add him to her ass. Instead she decides to travel with him from then on. The two settle down in the [empire] and often come back to trade with us. 
50, 0, 0, -1, 1
Nothing wrong with a long meal
The raider shrugs and begins looting the caravan as her gut swings side to side. Later she brings the haul back into [village] and sells it off. Her talking, shifting, constantly moving belly becomes the talk of the town much to her chagrin. Hours turn to days and days become weeks as her stubborn prey keeps holding out inside of her tummy. Over the course of this time the two develop a regular routine from exercise, to dinner procedure, and even sleeping arrangements as the raider went about her usual chores, albeit a bit weighed down. The woman became somewhat accustomed to the feeling and despite the inconveniences the sensation of a never empty belly was enjoyable. It was bittersweet when one day as she was hanging out clothes she realized that the usual twitching inside of her had ceased and her gut had rounded out. Neither she nor the man she had been digesting for the past few weeks noticed when the potion finally wore off and as such the affair ended without so much as an angry wobble. With a sad caress the woman feels her gut and whispers a goodbye to her prey.
150, 10, 0, 0, 0

Event
A young adult in [village] has found herself in a predicament. Ever since she was a little girl she has had a best friend and they've been neigh inseparable for most of their lives. Her friend had always been bullied for not having features normal to their species but she always defended them. It was only when the two started to hit puberty that she realized there was something different about her friend. Their hips didn't widen and their breast never got bigger. Instead they gained muscles and their voice deepened. She realized that her best friend was actually a male the whole time. Initially this didn't change very much but when the other girls, the same ones that bullied him, started fawning over him it made her angry. One day, as the other girls flirted with him she couldn't take it anymore so she grabbed her best friend from behind and swallowed him. It was her first time, but she kept her composure. With a bloated, wiggling stomach she scoffed at the other girls and told them their fun was over. They angrily stomp off, leaving the girl alone with her best friend wiggling inside of her. What happens?
She realizes her feelings
With a good deal of huffing the girl begins to walk away from the scene. Her inexperienced gut groans angrily and isn't able to keep the girl's first prey from struggling as bulges riddle her poor tummy. Arching her back to offset the weight and using her hands to support her massive stomach to prevent it from sagging too much, she manages to waddle to a secluded area. Once there she begins talking to her friend as if they weren't encased inside of her belly. "I'm sorry! It's just I was so angry at them!" she says, pressing her back against a wall and sliding down until she and her belly rest against the ground. She begins to gently rub herself as she speaks, "I've always been the one who defended you and I guess it made me a little jealous that you weren't noticing me too." She wraps her arms around her tummy and presses it closer, forcing the man within to get closer to her face. "What I'm trying to say is that I like you. Do you like me?" Unsurprisingly he returns her feelings and is promptly released. The two become a mating pair within the year.
0, 2, 0, 4, 0
New predators don't have great control
"That's right, get out of here you harlots!" the girl shouts after the others while slapping the side of the belly she's proudly thrusting out, making ripples go across her body. With a burp and satisfied sigh she returns her attention to her best friend. "Alright, now that they're gone I can let you ou-" a loud gurgle interrupts her and her gut quivers and begins rounding out, "Uh, dude?" she asks while desperately feeling the sides of her distended midsection only to find it completely soft. "Oh shit! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to!" she cries, but as her stomach begins to convulse around her meal she gasps as pleasure hits her. "A-ah! Oh Goddess! I guess this isn't so bad after all. I mean we'll always be together in a way, won't we?" With newfound appreciation she enjoys every moment digesting her best friend and shares the experience with the other girls in class, exciting them all for their future on the battlefield. 
0, 10, 0, -1, 0

Event
A slave trader has arrived in [village]. She has a number of captured people from the [empire]. The price she's asking is quite high but the stock is indeed quite healthy despite the long journey. Some are even quite well-endowed and may prove useful as breeding stock or even food supplies. The village could also use the extra labor for projects. What shall be done?
Buy the slaves
The slaves are purchased by various people in [village]. A few are, of course, eaten by their new masters whom proudly walk about showing their bulging gut around town. However most are put to work in the fields or act as personal servants. A few are even used as breeding stock to keep the slave population high.
-200, 0, 0, 10, 0
Refuse to buy
The slave trader sighs. "I didn't actually expect you all to refuse! I don't have enough food for the trip to the next town. I suppose I'll have to improvise." She approaches her plumpest, juiciest slave and quickly gobbles them up. With a distended gut she waddles amongst her slaves, feeding the scrawniest to the more valued plump slaves and despite resistance the line of product is marched out of town to the sound of gurgling tummies and sobbing. The [empire] hears of our refusal to buy slaves of their people and appreciate the gesture.
0, 0, 0, 0, 1


Event
A bandit group basing themselves within the [empire] are committing frequent raids on [village]. They have done very well for themselves and their victories can be measured by the fat lining their breast and asses. These bandits have become arrogant and have let their guard down, believing themselves safe since they leave the local towns unhindered while attacking us. We have two options. Either we pay mercenaries from the [empire] to deal with the bandits or we launch a small raid to kill them. What shall be done?
Pay mercenaries
We purchase the services of a few girls from the [empire]. They prove effective enough and while they don't share the exact details on how they brought down the bandits the raids cease and the girls show obvious discomfort as their engorged tits rub against their hard metal armor. The [empire] is pleased that we respected their borders in dealing with the issue.
-400, 0, 0, 0, 1
Launch a raid
Upon reaching the bandit's camp our raiders are greeted with a sight of decadence. The bandits walk about without even wearing clothes. They let their plump, juicy bodies, jiggle freely as they chase around petite serving wenches they brought here from a nearby village. They cheer as they force one of the serving girls to swallow another. The bandits then begin playing with the girl as she digest her friend. The bandits drink themselves into a stupor and don't even put up a fight as our raiders head down and begin eating them. Not even the serving girls escape the gullet as the camp is emptied and gurgling bellies filled. Our raiders even discover a small cache of loot. The [empire] is furious at us for entering their territory uninvited. 
200, 0, 0, 0, -1


Event
Two friends, both novice huntresses, find themselves in a difficult situation. While hunting a pack of wolves, which the two caught and killed, they went too far from camp and the more petite huntress was injured during the fight and can't move quickly. They have to get back to [village] or the beast of the night will gobble them up. The only way for them to make it back in time is for one friend to carry her injured companion in her belly. The only question is what method she'll use to do so. She could try and clench her stomach muscles to keep her friend out of the acids or she could eat the dead wolf pack to provide protection against her acids. What does she do?
Swallow and clench
As her friend settles in her stomach, the huntresses clenches hard to press her precious meal against the back wall of her belly. She runs through the wilderness, her gut barely swings as her well-defined abs stretch tightly over her fellow huntress. Her tummy outlines her prey very well so she can watch to see if she starts going soft but she is also clenching so hard that no movement is possible from within, making it difficult to tell if she is still alive. Upon reaching [village] the huntress releases her muscles, turning the tightly held gut into a cavernous globe that sags immediately as the woman within falls into the pit of the stomach. Reaching down with both hands and pushing her gut upward the huntress throws her friend up. The other huntress, while slightly burnt, is still very much alive. They head out in the morning to collect the wolf pelts and receive a tidy profit.
75, 0, 0, 0, 0
Eat the pack and huntress
Swallowing each of the wolf corpses proves a chore all on its own. The huntress burps and rubs her gut as indigestion already sets in from the massive meal already being processed. Not wanting to waste anymore time the huntress grabs her friend and sends her tumbling down her gullet to rest atop the pile of food being gurgled away within her. The girl's outline presses against the top of the huntress' belly who can't help but to cope a feel of their compatriot as she begins walking, causing a small flurry of movement form her aggravated meal. Moving with such a heavy gut proves difficult for the huntress making her stop occasionally to catch her breath and let her massive tummy hang freely. Occasionally there is a jiggle from the orb of flesh handing off her but by the time they reach the village the movement inside of her has ceased completely. The huntress, who's breast have already began to grow, begins to examine her gut to see if her friend is still alive but her calls get no response and feeling around she does indeed find a head but finds it to be loosely floating in the slosh within her belly. It seems she was too slow. Pushing the skull down the woman waddles off, stroking her tummy as it digest the pack and her friend. The next day she emerges from her home and the people of [village] can't help but be enamored by her stunningly plump body.
0, 4, 0, -1, 0

Event
Two maids serving a powerful inhabitant of [village] have made a terrible mistake that requires punishment. A veteran maid of the household ate one of the master's pigs while a new hire kept watch. She believed nobody would notice. However the absence of the pig combined with the fact that the woman's very expensive outfit imported from human lands ripped at the seams as her breast became engorged from the ill-gotten meal all but confirmed her guilt. What shall be done?
Forgive them
A pig is easy enough to replace. The girls are both extremely grateful and promise to serve better in the future. There is a slight cost but the maids are happy.
-10, 5, 0, 0, 0
Order the new hire to eat the veteran
The veteran maid is stripped of her clothes and once the new girl is ordered to eat her friend she responds with a curt, "Yes, master!" as she wraps her lips around the former maid's head, and throwing back her neck lets the girl tumble down her throat until she spills out into her gut. The distended belly forces the short frilled skirt to be pushed up, revealing her black-laced undergarments. The girl is excused and she delivers a soft curtsy before leaving while trying to pull her dress back down over the gut hanging off her. As she goes about her daily tasks she is often forced to stop and cradle her struggling meal. "Please, stop! You're going to rip my outfit if you keep moving like that!" she desperately begs while running her hands across the curve of her gut. Luckily for the maid as her former coworker breaks down most of the fat settles in her ass and thighs, avoiding a ripped dress. However, her skirt no longer covers her indecent posterior which is now visible at all times. The maids all work harder from now on, meaning no new hire is required, saving money in the long run.
25, 0, 0, -1, 0

Event
A mercenary from the [empire] saunters into the [village] tavern. Her leather armor has burst open to make way for a huge gut half covered by her undershirt. Sauntering up to he barkeep, her belly angrily swaying back and forth with each step as her meal continues to fight from within. "Ale! A lot of it! I've got plenty of coin and I told my partner here," she rubs a bulge straining to push again with a malicious grin, "that I'd buy her a drink when we got back into town and I intend to fill that promise!" What do we do?
Rescue her meal
The town guard arrives and forces the woman to expel her former partner. The process took a good deal of time between the mercenary's reluctance to surrender her meal and the fact that her gut was very well trained in keeping prey down. However a potion proved effective and the woman was coughed up. After a line of curses from the poor girl she offers us a cut of her profit from the job the two were on. She also decides to settle down in [village].
100, 0, 0, 1, 0
Treat the mercenary nicely
The mercenary's cup never goes empty for long despite her best efforts. Soon enough the clean outline of the woman pressing out from her stomach begins to vanish as more and more booze is poured down the warrior's gullet. Her belly expands even more, becoming round and sloshy as the woman becomes drunk. With a stagger she approaches a table of pretty young women. Slamming her gut against the table causes a ripple to dance its way across her form. "*Hic* You girls look like you could have a little f-fun tonight! Whaddya say? You girls think you can handle all of," the mercenary grabs onto her breast before reaching her arms around her now huge gut, finishing with a smack, "this?" Two of the girls take the mercenary up on her offer and accompany her up to their room. In the morning the mercenary is found lying in bed with an even bigger belly hanging off the bedside and the girls nowhere to be seen. It takes another half day before her belly shrinks enough for her to move. Upon returning home she gives glowing testimony of our people to the [empire].
-20, -2, 0, 0, 1

Event
A dressmaker in [village] has been having a difficult time designing clothing that can keep up with her patron's voracious habits. The woman never ate anyone herself and thus has no idea how to fix the problem. Expressing this to her sisters, the woman nods before offering to help. She offers to let her sister eat her in order to gain insight on the process. With a bit of coaxing the dressmaker agrees. The process proves difficult but thanks to the dressmaker's sister helping along in the process of her own swallowing. The dressmaker takes in a huge gasp as the last of her sister slithers down her gullet to rest in her belly. After a few moments burping and adjusting to the weight she goes and puts on a dress and admires herself in the mirror. "You know, I think this is really going to help!" the dressmaker exclaims while pulling the fabric stretching over her massive gut which wobbles happily after the praise. What happens next?
She lets out her sister
After a few more poses and measurements the dressmaker lays on her stomach and begins rocking back and forth while opening her mouth. The movement encourages her sister to reach a hand out and pull herself free. The two laugh upon noticing that the sister's clothes have been digested. The dressmaker gives her a new set as thanks. With her insight the dressmaker is able to make products that tailor to her more voracious customers. While it doesn't take off for great profit, most people are happy for the option.
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
The full process must be observed
Just as the dressmaker finishes up her measurements a large woman sporting a pudgy gut and overflowing breast burst into the shop. She had come to replace her dress after her latest meal, but upon seeing the shopkeeper in such a rotund state, lets out an excited gasp instead. "By the Goddess! It's about time you ate someone! After all this time I thought you were some kind of preyslut!" the large woman fondles the dressmaker's belly and before an explanation could be given she continues, "I was even going to eat you myself, but now! Oh come we must walk and talk!" She takes the dressmaker out and they walk through town, chatting about the feeling of prey and cloth making. So caught up in the conversation, the dressmaker doesn't even notice when her sister stops moving and begins to pump into her intestines. The dressmaker doesn't even register the demise of her sister as she notices her bust and hips straining against the fabric as they fatten up. She uses this knowledge and creates clothing that accommodates both prey and assets that arise afterward. The clothes are a massive hit and bring in a good deal of profit.
75, 0, 5, -1, 0

Event
A fortune teller in [village] has always prided herself on giving accurate predictions of her client's futures. However one customer in particular has been extremely rude to her. The girl is the daughter of a rich merchant in town and as such thinks her money entitles her to more beneficial fortunes and demands them from her. The fortune teller could easily grant her a prediction, but her rude attitude is unbearable and she is starting to get peckish. Looking into her crystal ball, what does she see?
A beautiful portent
The fortune teller, sighing, tells the entitled brat that her future indicates children and a loving mate. The girl, surprised at first, seems elated and leaves joyfully. Soon enough her mother uses their wealth to buy her daughter a human man from the slave market and sure enough they breed and the girl becomes heavy with pregnancy and soon has a few daughters of her own.
0, 0, 0, 4, 0
A gurgling fate
Licking her lips as the woman leans deep into the table she stares into the ball and speaks, "I see darkness in your future! A terrible portent surrounds you as your world will become closed and dangerous!" she rubs the sides of the crystal ball and shudders to sell the act while also making her breast jiggle dramatically. The girl, taken in by the act, leans in to look at the ball. She asks when this bad thing will happen but before she realizes it the fortune teller has already grabbed her shoulders and says, "Right now!" before forcing the girl down her throat. The sudden swallow rips her silken dress open and the expansion of her gut knocks over the table in front of her. Leaning back in her seat the woman begins to rub her gut, much like she did the crystal ball before, "And now, I see you melting away, becoming one with me!" Sure enough, the girl is digested and becomes a nice layer of tit fat. Many people see the girl's demise a boon and praise the fortune teller for her voraciousness.
0, 5, 0, -1, 0

Event
A wealthy mother in [village] recently purchased a catgirl slave to help watch her precious son. The catgirl is fairly attentive to the needs of the boy and is fairly clingy to the young man. All is well for a time. But eventually the catgirl slave learns from the boy that he has had other caretakers in the past and each one has mysteriously vanished. This does not bode well for the slave. What does she do?
Nothing
One day the catgirl goes missing. Of course nobody goes looking for a missing slave and she is soon forgotten about. The mother for her part seems to have gained a little bit of weight but is otherwise fine. Soon enough another delicious looking slave girl is bought to take care of her son and the cycle continues.
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
She strikes first
As she attends to her mistress late one night, the catgirl suddenly pounces onto her owner and swallows them after a brief struggle. With a happy sigh, she stretches out while using her massive gut like a ball which she rolls about on top of. Promising freedom, the catgirl manages to discover her prey's various caches of wealth. After getting everything she wants, the slave caresses a bulge forming along the side of her belly and thanks her before lying down for a nap to digest. The catgirl offers us a hefty bribe for her freedom and an overlooking of the situation. Using her newfound wealth, the former slave isolates herself from the rest of the town and jealously guards her new home. The boy becomes a handsome young man and is occasionally seen but he too is kept close and rarely ventures out of the estate. A few months later a number of catish children are seen playing.
100, 0, 0, 3, 0

Event
Two close friends from [village] sit together after a short celebration. One is about to graduate from her training and become a fully fledged warrior. While this is a happy occasion she can't help but feel frustrated that she and her friend never became anything more. It is with both surprise and excitement then that her friend, a bit woozy from the celebration, suddenly throw themself upon her. Pressing in close with their hands sinking into her breast they speak, "I want you," the girl quivers in excitement as he friend speaks the words she always wanted to hear. "I want you to eat me!" She is surprised by this sudden declaration and while she doesn't want to admit it, they do look delicious. What happens?
She follows her heart
Thinking fast, the girl agrees and throws her friend over. Ripping the clothes from their body she begins to play with their nethers with her mouth, eliciting excited moans from their partner. After a night of passion the two become inseparable and before she heads off as a warrior, the two start a family.
0, 0, 0, 1, 0
She follows her stomach
Almost on instinct the warrior opens up her mouth and shoves her friend's head into it, sucking them down into her gullet. Her virgin belly expands to make room for its willing meal. With a final swallow her friend's toes vanish, leaving the girl with a massive gut that wobbles happily. Laying on her back, her stomach sticks straight up with the occasional bulge as her prey examines their new home. "By the Goddess, that was amazing!" the girl says, flopping her arms out to her sides as she looks down to watch her gut work. "Are you sure this is what you wanted?" she asks before softly poking her gurgling belly which responds only with a loud sloshing sound. "Guess I'll take that as a yes." With that she spends the rest of the night enjoying the company of her gut which whittles down her friend. By morning the woman's hips and voracious confidence are considerably expanded. It may not have been the ending she wanted, but it was certainly fulfilling.
0, 5, 0, -1, 0

Event
A woman sits in a shrine to the Goddess Avora within [village] occasionally burping as her distended belly shifts with purpose. She is praying with relish as her stomach groans and the prey within struggles to escape. The local priestess speaks to her and the woman explains her situation. "I was never very religious. I always thought it was silly! But now, with a little help from my sister," she pauses to rub a bulge pressing out along the side of her gut and smiles, "I've come to realize devotion to the Goddess is all we have!" How does the priestess respond?
Ask for a donation
As the woman's gut shifts and she seems to be as happy as can be, the priestess cleverly asks for a donation to the church. The girl, happy to do so, donates a small bit of coin to the church.
25, 0, 0, -1, 0
Encourage such faith
The priestess asks the woman to stay for mass and she happily accepts. As the people of [village] gather at the shrine, the woman is escorted onto the dais with care as her girthy gut sloshes back and forth. The priestess begins her sermon by resting her hands on the woman's barely wobbling gut. "This woman shows true devotion to the Goddess. In her hunger she devoured her own sister to please Avora! Even now her faith is being rewarded!" The priestess exclaims as she reaches up and puts a hand beneath one of the woman's tits and lifts it up. "Avora fills her belly and her heart, made clear by the expansion of her chest! All of us must seek such devotion!" Many faithful are wrapped up in the sermon and gobble down their fellow church goers right then and there. In the coming weeks many are eaten but morale in town has never been higher.
0, 40, 0, -17, 0

Event
A group of women faithful to the Goddess Alvora have come bearing gifts from the Church. Their bodies show the extent of their vorish devotion as paunchy bellies, thick love handles, and hefty breast strain against their tight fitting black cloth of the faith. They wish to establish a monastery for their nuns near [village] and are offering to pay for both the land and any "accidents" from practicing their faith. What shall be done?
Accept the monastery
The nuns quickly procure laborers to build their monastery. The women of the cloth there provide many small services to the town that increase happiness considerably. However, the nuns are not above grabbing some poor stupid village girl for an afternoon snack. The nuns are seen often moving about the monestary with full struggling guts and ripped black cloth which they tut over all day until their unlucky meal cease fighting back. Of course they pay for the meal happily and go about their cloistered work.
430, 10, 0, -3, 0
Deny the nuns
The nuns are turned away.
0, 0, 0, 0, 0

Event
A number of girls in [village] have been overcome with religious fervor and wish to establish a vorestrian monestary nearby. They ask for the funds to do so which amount to a considerable sum. While a monestary would indeed provide many services to the village there is also a chance that these girls are just wanting to use the name of the Goddess Alvora to gain a place for them to fill their guts and rest all day. What shall be done?
Construct a monestary
The girls are elated with our decision. Once is so excited that she gobbles up one of her compatriots! The rest all laugh and rub her stomach as it digest the unlucky girl. Once the monestary is completed the girls leave the village and begin to live a cloistered life. It isn't long before most of the girls that went up get eaten by their sisters of the cloth, leaving behind a small but bodacious sisterhood. Surprisingly the few women left are experts in completing sacraments. Coming of age ceremonies, first consumings, marriages, and births are all blessed thus bringing a great deal of satisfaction to the townspeople.
-1000, 0, 50, -10, 0
We don't have the funds
The monestary will not be constructed. The girls are saddened by this but our coffers go undrained.
0, -3, 0, 0, 0

Event
A vorestrian nun serving the Goddess Alvora has arrived in [village]. It seems that she is a recent addition to the sisterhood but has come to minister to the townsfolk regardless. As she preaches the gospel of consumption to the people a challenger suddenly appears before the young nun. A shamaness of the old ways calls the nun's Goddess weak and incapable compared to the great spirits that came before. The young sister attempts to counter the woman with scripture but the shamaness blows it off and strides forward until she stands face to face with the girl and looks like she's about to start a fight. What happens?
The heretic digests
Confronted so suddenly the young sister closes her eyes and presses forward with her jaw open wide. The action catches the shamaness off guard and her head gets caught inside the nun's gullet. Before the woman can respond the nun kicks her head back and swallows, sending a bulge down her throat to curl up in her gut. Her tight black dress can barely contain the expansion of her stomach, causing her fat breast to push upward and out into the open air. Due to her petite frame and tight cloth the outline of the shamaness can be clearly seen as she tries to move around but can't. The nun can't help but sit down and sprawl out her legs as her meal digest. Caught up in a rapturous pleasure she moans and gasps while lolling out her tongue which rest on her heaving tits. The crowd watches with awe as the girl digest the woman. Surprisingly this brings more people into the fold than her speech ever could while also being a much more pleasurable experience. 
0, 10, 0, 0, 0
The Old Ways consume
The young, nervous nun doesn't stand a chance as the confident shamaness grabs hold of her and presses her tightly against herself as drool drips from her lips. With a quick incantation a spell suddenly goes off and the nun that stood before them vanished. Left in her place was the shamaness' wobbling belly that hung freely from her waist. Patting her swollen gut the woman addresses the crowd, explaining how the Church has made their culture weak and that the only way to return to happiness to to eat their priests. While it convinces few, seeing the nun digest before them does little to help the church.
0, -5, 0, 0, 0

Event
A woman in [village] has asked a vorestrian nun to come grant a blessing at her abode. Upon reaching the home she greets the sister and shows her around. The woman explains that she has been trying to get pregnant for some time but that she and her husband have had no luck. Upon hearing the word husband the nun is taken aback, surprised that the lucky woman has a man all to herself. The woman brags a bit about finding him wandering through the nearby wilderness and luring him back to her home. As the woman continues to dote on her mate the nun considers her options. A blessing would be a simple thing. However, having access to a male even once is a rare opportunity. What happens?
A fertility blessing is given
The sister gives the woman a blessing of fertility and, sure enough, the woman becomes rotund with pregnancy. The blessing seems to continue for a time after as the couple has another few batches of children.
0, 0, 0, 6, 0
Hungry horny nuns are dangerous
Thinking quickly, the sister grabs hold of the woman's shoulders and tells her to close her eyes for the blessing. The woman happily obliges and doesn't even realize what's happening until she is already half down a holy gullet. The nun then happily sits in a nearby chair and prays over her distended, struggling gut while waiting for her true target to arrive. After a few hours her stomach rounds out into a soft fleshy mound that sloshes with each fidget. Upon the husband's arrival she goes to greet him. She rubs her belly as she explains that his wife, due to her inability to become pregnant, offered her body to the church. The man is taken aback and mourns for his lost lover. The sister however is quick to comfort him and lets him feel the remains of his wife through her stomach walls. The two build up a relationship and the sister visits the home often to ensure her new favorite devotee is doing alright. Due to her frequent visits many more blessings are given out within the village.
0, 10, 0, -1, 0

Event
A male has gone missing from the breeding house in [village]. We track down the last woman that spent time with him and find her nervously walking through town while cradling a massive gut. Upon being confronted the woman begins to shakily explain while softly stroking her belly. "H-he asked me to! I swear! How could I refuse such an amazing request? See look," she thrust out her tummy and invites our guards to feel, "he's still solid and everything but he's not moving an inch!" Sure enough her meal is still very much intact and barely moving inside of her guts. "So how about we respect his wishes and let him melt away, huh?" She asks while sweating and looking down at her massive stomach with concern.
Males are too valuable. Free him.
The woman is forced to spit up her meal which begins to fight back against our guards upon his release. He struggles trying to get back to his would-be predator but our troops separate them promptly. The male is returned to the breeding house and put under careful supervision. Many of the women that utilize the male are made uncomfortable by his sadness and overall happiness amongst the village's fertile population goes down. However the male proves fruitful and numerous births take place.
0, -10, 0, 15, 0
Let her off with a warning
After receiving the warning the woman thanks the guards before running off as quickly as she can while holding her stomach tightly, seemingly trying to prevent its contents from sloshing around as much as possible. Despite her hefty meal the woman returns to town without much physical gain but she still seems extremely happy. As time goes by the woman has a number of pregnancies and has a number of daughters which she dotes on. Strangely few of her friends remember her going to the breeding house between pregnancies. Some suspect that she may have a male of her own but few care enough to go investigate.
0, 2, 0, 3, 0

Event
An urgent situation has arisen in [village]! The [empire] embassy has been surrounded by violent protesters. A trade convoy being eaten while inside [empire] lands has enraged citizens across out territory and they demand retribution. The compound guards have already been swallowed by two of the protesters and they now threaten to break in. As things stand we only have two options. One being to allow the protesters to continue what they're doing and almost certainly destroy our relationship with this nation or to move in and violently disperse the rioters but doing so would almost certainly erode faith in the government across the empire.
Allow the riot to proceed
The embassy is breached and one by one the diplomats inside are found and stuff down the throats of the assailants. The lucky woman who grabs hold of the juicy chief envoy is a simple waitress at a local tavern. The girl happily pats her tummy as the high ranking official tumbles about within. As the days go by she waits tables as the diplomat becomes fat on her tits. The [empire] meanwhile is absolutely livid at this outcome and have sworn retribution. Our people in a show of support swear to support the nation in the war against the [empire] savages.
0, 0, 60, 0, -4
Suppress the rioters
Our guards arrive and begin dealing with the protest. However the scene quickly turns violent as one of the rioters shoves a guard's head in their mouth. The woman is quickly beaten by the other guards but a chain of voracious encounters erupt along the line and by the end of it a good number of citizens swim in stomach acid as the guards stand sentry around the embassy. Word spreads quickly and groups across our empire prepare to rise up against out tyranny. The [empire] however shows their tremendous appreciation by sending a small war fund and a pledge to assist us against any rebels that pop up.
300, 0, -90, 0, 4

Event
Jannet, one of the many construction workers in [village], is having a very good day. She and her fellow workers often catcall men that pass by their work sites, shouting bawdy remarks at them for good fun. It was today when she was wrapping up a bit of digging by after her fellows went home when she saw a man walking by. Almost on instinct she calls out, shaking her fat ass and winking. Jannet is surprised when the man actually begins to approach her. It seems the crude suggestion worked on him! The two are entirely alone at the site and anything could happen. Jannet's loins burn but her tummy also grumbles a bit. What does she do?
Fuck like mad
Leaning up against a stack of wood, Jannet hikes up her skirt and presents her vagina to the man. She's surprised to find herself being a bit embarrassed by the whole ordeal but before she can cover herself up the man is already upon her. His penis already out, he begins to rub it against the folds of her pussy while massaging her still clothed breast with his hands. She begins to let out moans but is quickly silenced when her presses his lips against hers and begins to greedily press his tongue into her mouth. Before long Jannet is sopping wet and the man thrust his member into her. The two rage against one another until finally both are brought to climax and her womb is pumped full of cum. The two unwind from each other and he leaves but promises to return the next day. He does and the two continue their lustful meetings. It turns out the man belongs to a local noble but that doesn't stop him from knocking Jannet up on the side.
0, 0, 0, 3, 0
She snags dinner
Thinking quickly, Jannet turns around and sways her hips sensually while luring the man deeper into the construction site. Once there she turns around and grabs the man in a deep hug, preventing him from running. Before he can scream she wraps her mouth around his head and begins swallowing him slowly as she savors his flavor. Savoring every inch as she gulps the man down, Jannet can't help but to press her tongue between his thighs to wrap around his member. She teases his penis until he cums, coating her mouth with the fluid that makes the entire encounter more unique for her. As his toes vanish from sight, Jannet leans against a support pillar and looks down to admire her wriggling gut that groans happily as the man struggles from within. Jannet melts the man down, adding more curves to her already hefty body. She uses her new gains to erotically tease other passing men in hopes of grabbing another snack! 
0, 5, 0, -1, 0

Event
Sara, a young warrior in training from [village], can't believe her luck. Her big sister managed to snag a husband and apparently all the men in town are at least familiar with each other. Using her sister's husband Sara managed to meet with a guy her age and they really hit it off! Now she's having dinner with his mom and two sisters and he'll be home shortly. However as dinner is about to start the little sister accidentally spills a sauce containing irresistible herbs on herself and family. The next few moments passed in a daze but ended with Sara lying atop the table with a huge, squirming gut that contained her boyfriend's family. She tries to cough them up but her warrior conditioning prevents this. Much to her dismay the front door opens and her boyfriend walks in carrying flowers. The two stare at each other as Sara's stomach produces muffled screams. "Uhm, I can explain?" she says weakly while running a hand across the top of her stretched gut. What happens?
He panics
The boyfriend begins to panic, breathing heavily as he tries to find some way to save his family. Sarah watches with concern as he scrambles about, trying to calm her gurgling belly as it digest her meal. Eventually in his manic state he finds a knife and begins to approach her. Sarah's warrior instincts kick in and in one deft motion manages to disarm and swallow her boyfriend all in one. Her gut moans angrily as the boy's bulge slides down her throat and into her stomach that stretches and feels as if it's about to burst. "O-oh no! I'm so sorry!" Sara groans while feeling around against her belly trying to find him. "I didn't mean to eat them it," she stops herself and watches the forms within her move before sighing, "I guess it really doesn't matter now." She leans back and watches her belly digest her massive meal. By morning she exits the house with considerably enhanced assets that make her look like a veteran warrior.
0, 7, 0, -4, 0
He's filled with lust
Her boyfriend drops the bouquet of flowers and begins to walk towards her. Sara begins talking fast while fruitlessly trying to hide her massive belly. "Y-your sister, you see! Uh she accidentally dropped the sa-" Sara stops talking as he begins to massage her wailing gut. "Wha? What are yo- A-ah! By the Goddess!" Sara is caught off guard as her boyfriend plays with her tummy. One thing leads to another and the two are fucking like mad with him pounding her from behind making her ass clap and stomach wobble against the ground. Sara never expected her first time to be with a full gut, especially one filled with her lover's kin, but the experience is divine. After an hour of love-making the two lay intertwined, cuddling each other. "You have- er," she lays a hand across the side of her soft belly as it pulsates, "had such a lovely family. I can't wait to make a new one with you." Sara gives up on becoming a warrior and becomes a full-time breeder with her new husband. 
0, 0, 0, 6, 0

Event
A beauty contest is being held in [village] by the local baroness. All the girls in town decide to compete as the prize is mating rights with the baroness' very own husband. Belle is one such girl but she has no real chance of winning the contest with her small breast and thin thighs. Her best friends and roommates however both have a good shot with their hefty chests and plump asses. All through the night the three prepare for the contest. Her friends go to sleep early for beauty rest, leaving Belle awake and alone with her thoughts. Belle knows she has no chance to win now, but has heard that if one eats enough they may become beautiful themselves. Her stomach groans as she runs her hands across her pathetic chest. How far is Belle willing to go?
Belle accepts facts
Accepting her fate, Belle does indeed lose the contest while some other woman she'd never even met wins and is brought up to the baroness' home. 
0, 0, 0, 0, 0
She'll do whatever it takes
Sneaking into the bedroom her friends share she creeps to the end of the bed where the two's legs are intertwined. Opening her mouth wide, Belle guides all of the dangling feet into her mouth and down her gullet. Swallowing hard after getting the legs far enough down, her friends don't even stir until the last bits of hair vanish behind Belle's teeth. Finishing her treacherous meal, Belle lays atop her engorged gut as it works on the girls within. "Sorry guys," Belle mumbles while running a hand down her side, "but I had no other choice if I wanted a chance to win!" She falls asleep and by morning her belly has shrunk nearly half way while her tits and ass nearly tripled in size! Belle admires herself in the mirror and is very pleased, but she can't help but notice a few weak tingles from deep in her innards. Belle wins the contest and has her way with the baroness' husband.
0, 5, 0, -2, 0

Event
A specialized farm is run just outside [village]. There a number of tauran women live rent free and are taken care of in exchange for their milk. The manager of the estate is one of the town's ranking merchants and has made a killing with their product. Recently however one of the farm's best producers, Bessie, has come down with something. She has been clenching her stomach for the past few days and a terrible rumbling has been emanating from her sick tummy. Thankfully, Lona, one of the farmhands and close friend of Besssie has been tending to her. It becomes obvious that something's wrong in her belly. If the farm is going to get back onto business the manager will need to do something. Sending for a doctor seems like the obvious, but expensive, option. But then again maybe sending Lona down to see what's going on couldn't hurt? 
Send for the doctor
After a few tests, the doctor determines that Bessie is in need of a more iron-rich diet. The manager purchases the needed foodstuff and production returns to the farm, though the cost will set them back for a time.
-300, 5, 0, 0, 0
Send Lona down
Though the two are hesitant at first, Lona agrees to do whatever she can to help her friend. Bessie proves to be a natural and swallows Lona in one long gulp, sending the farmhand tumbling down to the first of her stomachs. Lona squirms about within Bessie, who gently cups the sides of her bulging tummy from the outside. Though clearly worried, all around can see Bessie's excitement as her nipples puff up and poke through her tank top. "Well, anything?" the manager asks as Lona pokes and prods within the tight confines. A muffled report comes out through stomach walls that nothing is there. The manager spurs her on to check the next stomach. With some gentle encouragement from Bessie and a slap to the side of the gut, Lona pushes deeper. As the girl reaches the next stomach a sudden scream escapes and struggle takes place but ends before anyone can do anything, leaving Bessie in tears and a wobbling belly. Funnily enough Bessie no longer sick, but is a bit guilty from digesting her friend. Her creamy milk more than makes up for the farmhand's loss in the farm's profits. 
100, -5, 0, -1, 0

Event
A teacher has gone missing in [village] and it isn't hard to figure out why. Nadia, one of the school's premier eaters is currently walking out through the back entrance accompanied by her two friends Blake and Roe. The two girls with Nadia giggle and blush as they wrap their arms around Nadia's swollen midsection, trying to support the heavy-laden girl as she waddles. Small bulges dance across her swollen tummy as their instructor squirms weakly. The girls had made sure to beat the woman thoroughly before Nadia swallowed her. Reaching the alley behind the academy, the girls help Nadia sit with her back against a wall and her stomach thrust outward between her legs. Roe watches with great interest as a bulge appears beneath Nadia's huge breast that are lifted up as the adult struggles against the teenager's innards. Blake meanwhile can barely contain her own gurgling tummy as she looks on with jealousy. What happens?
Nadia has room for more!
As the two girls gush over Nadia's stomach, the predatory girl watches the two of them with moistened lips. Though her teacher had been her first prey, Nadia regards the woman thrashing around in her stomach as little more than an appetizer. "Oh, listen here! She's moving around a lot!" Nadia says as she pokes a spot on her engorged tum right below her tits. Black and Roe lean in close, placing their heads against her pulsating gut but before they can do anything else, Nadia grabs them and shoves both of their heads into her maw before swallowing them both down. Nadia lets out a lewd burp as the girls slosh into her now massive stomach that fills the entire alley.  The girls fight back, giving Nadia a nasty case of indigestion, but with her stomach already full of acid the struggle doesn't last long. Nadia returns to class after a few days and takes her spot as the class' top predator. 
0, 5, 0, -3, 0
3's a crowd
As Roe leans in, listening to the teacher stewing within Nadia's guts, Blake takes the opportunity and grabs the back of Roe's head and forces it into her mouth. Nadria can do little but watch Roe thrashes across her swollen tummy as Blake sucks her deeper into her gullet. After a few minutes the fight is over and Blake sits, leaning herself against Nadia as Roe curls up in her stomach. The two girls rest there, watching their stomachs both having vastly different experiences. While Nadia's gut churns gently with only the occasional shift from within, Blake's belly is a mess of motion as Roe kicks and screams. Blake has a nasty case of indigestion as her former best friend fights digestion. Lucky for her, Nadia is there to rub her rumbling belly and give her encouragement. The two eventually digest their meals and return to class with assets that would make their mothers jealous.
0, 4, 0, -2, 0

Event
The Thundergut Tournament has made its way to [village]! Our first combatant is Carla the Red, the voracious caramel-skinned fighter from the south! Carla, well known for her dazzling red hair and habit of swallowing her opponents before the fight even begins! This sneaky fighter while often lets the crowd down but rarely do those who bet on her lose! Our second combatant is the spunky Jess Widethighs! As the name implies, Jess has an impressively large posterior and set of legs. While Jess is a new fighter to the tournament hailing from a small town in the middle of our nation, the girl is beloved by many and ready to fight! Who wins?
Carla the Red
As Carla enters into the arena, the audience is stunned into silence! Dressed in tight fitting southern garb, Carla flashes a bright smile and brushes her auburn hair out of her face as she strides forth. With one hand resting beneath her impressive breast and the other cradling her engorged gut, the audience realizes what happens as the other gate opens and no one comes out. Carla and the crowd look down at the tight bulge Jess makes in this caramel skinned beauty's gut, her strong thighs prove too weak against the predator's durable stomach. Carala stands in the middle of the arena, thrusting her stomach out while rubbing it and giving the meal inside a playful slap now and again.
100, 0, -5, 0, 0
Jess Widethighs
As the two fighters meet in the arena, Carla takes the clear advantage with her experience and runs circles around Jess. Trying to keep distance from the caramel skinned expert, Jess runs back against a wall but is soon cornered. Trying to escape, Jess begins to climb the wall but fumbles and falls. Jess squeals as her ass slams against something and she can feel it slide up into her colon. Jess stands with a wobble and is amazed to see a face pressing out from her tummy when she looks down! Carla's legs flail from between her cheeks, trying to wriggle herself free. Jess, realizing the chance she has, begins to try and suck Carla deeper. Despite her inexperience, her bowels comply with her wishes and slurp the rest of Carla in. Jess begins to hop back and forth with excitement, her gut and massive ass jiggling as the veteran squirms from within her intestines.  
-50, 0, 5, 0, 0

Event
The Thundergut Tournament has come to [village]! The first combatant is Mama Lili, a local mother deciding to try her hand in the arena! Her impressive H-cup breast will surely prove useful along with her thick, sturdy thighs developed from years of hard parenting work!  Our second contender is actually a duo, but you wouldn't be able to tell by looking at them! Amy and Sasha are best friends from a small hamlet somewhere in the [empire]! These two have a unique fighting style! Amy will begin the match by swallowing Sasha whole and alive and use her friend-laden belly as a weapon! Who will win? 
Mama Lili
As the two fighters stride into the ring, As Amy approaches, gut sagging with the weight of her partner, Mama Lili suddenly takes off her bra, letting her massive boobs hang freely! Gut clashes with tit as the two fighters swing their bodies at one another! Neither fighter keeps track of time which proves disastrous for Amy and Sasha as the hours tick by! Amy, unable to control her stomach as her attention is caught by Mama, is suddenly betrayed by her own gut as Sasha begins to struggle angrily! It seems her acids became too much to take! Seizing upon this distraction, Mama slams her tits against Amy's head, knocking her out! Mama Lili waste no time scooping the full-bellied fighter into her maw, sending the double stuffed treat down into her hungry gut! Mama sits happily, with her breast leaking fresh milk as her tummy wins her the match!  
0, 0, 10, 0, -1
Amy and Sasha
With Sasha safely curled up in her gut, Amy charges Mama Lili with zealous fervor. The older woman proves unable to stand up to the sheer weight of the younger girls slamming into her! She is sent sprawling on the arena floor and before she can stand again, Amy is already slurping her legs down into her waiting gullet. At first Lili finds Amy's gulps to be weak and shallow but is shocked when a second, more powerful, suction is felt deeper within that pulls with ceaseless relish. Amy gets stuck on Mama's massive mammaries for a time but with a bit of stuffing, jams them into her open maw. Lili slides down one esophagus and into a second as Sasha's gut swells within the stomach of her friend. Outside, Amy concentrates on keeping her acids at bay while her compatriot digests their foe, securing the match for the foreign duo. 
0, 0, -10, 0, 1

Event
The matriarch of a powerful clan residing in [village] finds herself in a very difficult situation. In spite of all her careful planning and political maneuvering she now finds herself sloshing back and forth in the gut of her own daughter. Despite her daughter's apparent meek and obedient attitude it seems she had ambitions of her own and to complete them she seems willing to digest her own kin. The stomach walls pulse gently and the matriarch can feel hands rubbing her with relish. "Hey mom, what was that about daughters being the best of their mothers?" her daughter taunts, leaning forward to speak directly into her massive belly, "I suppose this makes that statement more true than you can imagine!" The young woman tauntingly swings her body from side to side, making her distended belly slosh madly. What happens next?
Experience wins every time
Despite her situation, this isn't the first gut she's been in. While what seems like an eternity passes as the matriarch barely moves, her daughter takes this as a sign of victory and begins to relax. Then, without warning, the older woman bust into action! The sudden activity makes the relaxed stomach moan with indigestion and causes the unsuspecting youth to fall forward onto her gut, pushing her mother up into her esophagus and out into the world. As the older woman stands, she looks back at her daughter still retching on the floor. She had thought the young woman was useless but after such a display of cunning, maybe there's hope for her yet?
100, 3, 0, 0, 0
The power of youth overcomes
Despite her meal's experience, the daughter came prepared for this encounter and when her belly begins to rumble from the action being taken from within she chidingly remarks, "No, no, no! Can't have that mother, I need you to stay in there until my tummy is done with you!" The young woman begins to drink potions of prey's curse to splash down against her meal, she shudders as the curse takes hold of both of them. While this has the side affect of making her also desperate to get gobbled up, she made sure to seal herself away in a locked room for the duration. The matriarch begins to writhe in pleasure as her daughter watches her own bulging gut with jealousy as it jiggles merrily. After a few hours, the digestion is complete and the daughter emerges from the room as the clan's new well-endowed head. 
0, 10, 0, 0, 0

Event
Thundergut Tourney has found its way to [village]! As the west gate opens the first contestant is welcomed by the crowd! Fay The Small, a petite girl so thin she might get blown away by a strong breeze, this fighter is in tune with magic and while few believe her to be the better fighter her long odds would give her victory a big payday! As the east gate rises a great sloshing can be heard as Dema waddles into the arena! Specializing in using her food-stuffed gut as a battering ram, Dema is an imposing force to be met with but has found a large fan following throughout our empire! Who will win? 
Fay the Small
The match begins with Fay on the back foot as Dema uses her massive gut to keep her momentum going forward! Fay can do little more than move out of the heavy-weight's path as her sloshing belly rushes towards her! Luck shines on Fay though when Dema charges and catches her foot on a stone, sending her sprawling and buying Fay enough time to cast diminishment! Picking up the tiny fighter, Fay quickly stuffs her into her mouth, not even taking a moment to savor the flavor! Her tum hardly moves as Fay's well-trained belly digest her opponent before the spell can wear off, securing Fay the win!
200, 0, 0, 0, 0
Dema
Fay keeps her distance for a time, but Dema proves dedicated to closing the distance with her mage opponent! Using her massive stomach, Dema manages to pin Fay against a wall before leaning in and swallowing the small girl whole! As Dema steps back, licking her lips and patting the side of her stomach, the crowd is a bit confused! Despite having just swallowed her competition, Dema's massive gut looks no different than before! Some wonder if the spell caster escaped using some sort of magic. Seeing the crowd's worry, Dema quickly squeezes her soft midsection, forcing Fay's face to poke out against the top of her taut skin before letting the poor girl sink back down into her food-filled tum. The crowd cheers as Dema saunters around the arena, letting the groans of her gurgling gut proclaim her victory!
0, 0, 10, 0, 0

Event
Amila, a town guard in [village] spends most of her days wishing she were out hunting or that she was skilled enough to be a warrior. It's been months since she last ate anyone and it's starting to show on her body as she begins to slim down. None of the men in town, nor the more flexible women will even look at her anymore! As she mumbles about her low lot in life, she happens upon a lone merchant heading towards town. The merchant explains to her that they're from the [empire] and are coming in to pick up some goods they already ordered. Letting the merchant go about their day would be simple enough but swallowing them outside of town would mean nobody would notice! What does Amila do?
Leave the merchant alone
Though Amila's stomach groans, she stands aside and lets the merchant continue about their day. The town earns a small bit of coin from the trade and merchants from the [empire] feel more comfortable visiting [village]!
50, 0, 0, 0, 1
Eat the merchant
Though Amila isn't much of a fighter, the merchant proves even less so! It doesn't take long for the poor seller of goods to slide down Amila's gullet and arrive in her hungry belly. "Oh, Goddess! I needed this! Thank you, so much!" Amila proclaims, reaching below her straining gut and lifting it up to ease carrying her squirming meal while looking for a safe place to rest. Before long she finds an old ruined wall which she leans against and slowly shimmies her way down until she sits, happily patting her roaring stomach resting between her legs. "*UURRP* Ah, excuse me! Really though, I appreciate this! Just settle down and we'll make this as fun as we can for both of us, 'kay?" Amila spends the better part of the day entertaining herself with her gut until the prey within finally perishes. Returning to town, many are impressed with her heavily enhanced bust and thighs. Though the town loves the sight of a full-bodied woman, traders from the [empire] no longer feel safe visiting [village]!
0, 10, 0, 0, -1

Event
Rumors begin to crop up that a young beauty has appeared in [village]. It is a concern as our scouts report that her looks do indeed eclipse our leader, [leader]'s beauty. While it usually wouldn't be a concern, the girl has enamored nearly anyone that has come into contact with her. Even in a best-case-scenario the girl would create a mild sense of unease as her very existence reminds people that there are more perfect beings than [leader]. Dealing with the girl would greatly anger her hometown but would mean that word of her would remain only rumors and fables than a very real threat to the state's power. What shall we do? 
Being beautiful is not a crime!
We decide to leave the girl alone. [Village] becomes a hub for the empire's artistic and impassioned individuals as scores of artisans flock to the city to use the beautiful girl as their inspiration. In time the girl is called the Muse of [village]. The town becomes a cultural hub that rivals all other cities in the world thanks to her beauty. A small amount of coin is generated along with an extreme morale improvement. However her existence does indeed have many looking upon our leader with lukewarm gazes and admiration for them has dimmed somewhat.
100, 40, -10, 0, 0
[Leader] eats them
The girl is brought before our leader, naked and bound up. Her beautiful body entrances all in attendance, even [leader] can't help but admire the supple curves on their body. Our leader begins by licking the girl's form all over, admiring the flavor of her juicy mound in particular, causing the beauty to moan in delight. After a thorough tasting, [leader] can't control themselves any longer and hurriedly scarfs the poor thing down. Watching as their gut shifts back and forth as the girl settles within her, our leader lays across the arms of her chair and proclaims to the court, "All of those who wish to get close to this beautiful morsel, come forth and admire her while she yet lives!" [leader] arches her back, thrusting her softly undulating tummy into the air. The court admires her as she digests the threat and some even feel through her tightly stretched gut as the beauty is melted down. While stability throughout the empire is not at risk, [village] is furious at the loss of their muse. 
0, -40, 0, 0, 0

Event
Zelna enters the [village] marketplace with excitement as her person-sized stomach that rocks back and forth with each step. Zelna managed to catch an unsuspecting adventurer while on her morning stroll. Once the hapless person was stuffed down her gullet, Zelna resolved to take them into town and sell them to the local slaver so she could finally have shopping money! As she walks a sudden burst of effort erupts from her prey, making her stop and hold her wriggling gut tightly until it settles down. "Oh calm down! It's not like I'm going to digest you or anything!" Zelna says as she feels another bout of movement starting within her. "Just hold still and I'll let you out when we get to the slaver." She pats her distended stomach and continues to walk. Zelna...
Gets distracted
As Zelna passes the market stalls she can't help but become enamored with the various items on sale. Waddling from merchant to merchant while idly rubbing her gut and imagining the things she'll buy once she sells the person struggling to keep out of her acids. A few hours pass before Zelna finally manages to make it to the slave trader. She approaches the trader and explains her desire to sell her meal while rubbing her well-rounded and sloshing tum. The slaver scoffs and presses a hand into Zelna's gut which sucks the hand into its softness. "A bit too late for that. Look, they're already going to yer tits." The slaver reaches up and slaps the side of her growing breast, causing Zelna to blush and run off holding her sloshing belly.
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
Hurries to the slaver
"No time to waste, gotta sell you quick before you gurgle!" Zelna hurries off to the market and unloads her cargo to the slaver. She happily takes her well-deserved payment.
75, 0, 0, 0, 0

Event
Ella has always been a good, honest, hardworking woman her whole life. Her little open-air store in [village] was the culmination of years of effort and was her pride and joy. Imagine her frustration then when a thief, a street-rat by all definitions, frequently stole food from her shelves. The issue was too trivial for the guard to involve themselves so Ella had to deal with the little urchin herself. What does she do?
Shows a little kindness
The next time the thief appears, Ella is quick to corner her. Conversing with her, she convinces them to work there at the store instead of stealing. The thief happily accepts and repays Ella with dedication. The girl eventually manages the store so well it gives Ella enough free time to go mate hunting. Eventually she bags herself a man and has a little family all her own.
0, 0, 0, 4, 0
Deals with the thief
Ella corners the urchin and quickly scarfs them down. With a satisfied burp and pat to her distended gut, Ella opens up the store that morning with a pep in her step. Her prey proves particularly weak and barely struggles. At times Ella thinks she must be gone, but a soft whimper or gentle movement confirms that they're still alive and well. Thinking it a good chance to scare off any other potential urchins, Ella walks to the storefront and greets people as they pass by with a sign hanging off her belly that reads 'Thieves welcomed! Inquire within!' The desired effect is achieved and Ella suffers from no more thievery in the coming months while also enjoying the rewards of digestion on her now bountiful breast. Both of these increase profits.
60, 0, 0, 0, 0

Event
A skilled blacksmith has contacted us, offering to set up a smithy in [village] on the condition she be given several villagers to eat as payment for her craft. We are sure to profit from the deal but if population in that town is a concern we best not take the deal.
Accept her offer
[Village]'s new black smith is hard at work. The fires in her forge never go out and the woman puts forth great effort in everything she does. As she swings her hammer down upon the anvil her gut, heavy laden with a village girl, bounces and writhes. Upon completing the piece the blacksmith rest her bulging midsection atop the anvil, admiring her blade while giving her groaning belly a chance to rest. Sweat drips across her heaving breast and rotund tummy as the fire of the forge makes her tight skin shimmer in the light. She continues working, speaking idly with the girl sloshing around in her intestines even when all movement within her ceases and her stomach is filled with nothing more than a meaty soup.
350, 0, 0, -7, 0
Deny her offer
She goes looking elsewhere for work.
0, 0, 0, 0, 0

Event
Drisla, a commoner in [village] is having the night of her life. Her idol, the famous bard Evelyn has invited HER backstage before the night's big show. Drisla has always admired the woman for her stunning figure and vocal talent. She can't imagine why the songstress has taken an interest in her but she is far too excited to care. Once secluded they sit and begin chatting idly with one another but Drisla can't keep her gaze from drifting to Evelyn's hefty breast and thick thighs barely covered by her tight outfit. Drisla, perhaps a bit overzealous, presses forward into a kiss. As she awkwardly smooches her idol, a low rumbling is heard coming from a stomach. What happens next?
Evelyn's career ends
A ravenous hunger overtakes the Drisla and as her mouth presses into the lips of her idol, her jaw unhinges and she presses forward. With a few ragged swallows, Drisla's stomach swells to an insane size as the bard is squeezed down into her guts. Once her meal completes its journey and finishes curling up within Drisla's tummy, she leans back and admires the shifting mass of flesh hanging off her waist. "I'm so sorry, Miss Evelyn! I don't know what came over me!" Drisla says to her belly which sloshes angrily and bulges in response. Rubbing her indigestion riddles stomach, Drisla lets out a lewd burp that sends a bit of Evelyn's clothes flying from her maw. "A shame that I didn't get to hear your voice once last time," her stomach gurgles loudly, "but I think the sound of my belly playing with you is my favorite thing ever!" Drisla digest her idol and the show never happens, making very many townsfolk upset. However with the bard going missing the town seizes her assets and adds to the nation's coffers.  
100, -10, 0, 0, 0
Drisla joins Evelyn on stage
As her awkward fan presses in for a sudden kiss, Evelyn has to do little more than open her mouth as the young woman's head vanishes into her maw. Pressing forward, Drisla is sent tumbling down into her idol's hungry belly. "Ah, you were a bold one, weren't you!" Evelyn declares, lifting one of her now exposed breast to rub the top of Drisla's head. "You looked tasty when I picked you from the crowd and I was right," the songstress stands with a grunt of effort making her stomach's contents slosh and readjust. Waddling out onto the stage, the crowd goes wild seeing her full-bodied gut. The performance goes off perfectly and by the end of the show, Drisla is nothing more than fat on Evelyn's tits. 
0, 10, 0, -1, 0

Event
Sherri and a girl she doesn't even know are in a bit of a difficult situation. As Sherri walked through the streets of [village] she caught a whiff of something unlike anything else she'd ever experienced before and it made her desperately hungry. Following her nose, she eventually finds the source. A girl about her age buying goods from a market stall. Without a thought Sherri pounces the delicious smelling girl, stuffing the unsuspecting prey down her gullet. The merchant sighs as their customer is gobbled up before purchasing anything. Sherri, after a satisfied burp, realizes just how full she is and sinks down to the ground to rest her gut as the girl within starts angrily fighting back. "A-ah! I'm sorry, I just couldn't control myself! Nngh!" A punch from within makes Sherri feel like she's about to burst open. "Aagh! P-please stop that! I-it really hurts! I'll let you back out, just wait a second!" What happens next?
Sherri gets her out
After a few more moments of fighting, Sherri decides it best to cough the girl back up, lest she risk popping. With a bit of effort, the girl is freed. After being yelled at by the bile drenched girl, Sherri explains what led her to gobble her up and the woman realizes that her perfume must have been the cause. She swears never to wear the stuff again and leaves before any more predators find her. 
0, 0, 0, 0, 0
Sherri can't manage it
"Hhnng! Oorp!" Sherri grunts and burps as she tries to get the poor girl sloshing around inside of her back out. However, it seems that her belly despite indigestion is determined to keep its meal. Her prey has settled down for a bit, expecting to be released, but they begin to shift about once more as time goes on. The merchant interrupts Sherri's attempts, asking them to leave as they're blocking their stall. "S-sorry! One second, I just n-need to ge- Oof!" Sherri stands with a wobble as her stomach sags from the weight of the girl within. Sherri can only manage a few shaky steps at a time, hunched over and holding onto the sides of her engorged tummy as she moves. Only making it a few feet, Sherri slumps down against an alley wall and begins rubbing her now bulging gut as the girl realizes she's not being let out. "Kicking won't help! I couldn't get you back up, just settle down and let's get this o-over with!" Sherri's gut angrily fights against her prey for a few hours more but finally overcomes the troublesome meal. Sherri, despite feeling guilty, appreciates the extra padding granted to her by the unnamed woman.
0, 5, 0, -1, 0

Event
Reyla, an expert of vore, has come to [village] in search of her next meal. Reyla takes days searching the town for the perfect meal until finally she sets her sights on a plump farmer and begins stalking her. What happens?
An easy catch
Reyla, using all her skill and ability, pounces on her target once all alone. It takes mere moments for the expert to consume the fat farmer. The poor woman hardly has time to squirm within Reyla's gut before powerful acids begin melting her away. Before anyone is the wiser, Reyla finishes her meal and vanishes from town.
0, 0, 0, -1, 0
An unexpected situation
As Reyla watches the fat farmer's ample posterior jiggle as she works, a random passerby happens upon Reyla. Without so much as a word, the stranger plops Reyla's feet into her mouth and swallows hard. Reyla tries to free herself but the woman's throat proves too strong and she is sent sliding down her throat and into a rather calm stomach. "Ooorp! Thanks for that, I've been looking for something to eat all day!" says a voice from outside. Reyla screams with indignation and asks if the idiot knows who she is. "Uh, no clue, sorry!" Reyla can feel each step the woman takes as she continues about her day. "I guess it is a bit mean to eat somebody without even asking their name. If it's any comfort, you're really filling! I probably won't be hungry for two whole days thanks to you!" Reyla can feel two hands from the outside press inward and start massaging her shoulders. Reyla attempts to escape, but finds the calm stomach tougher than it looks. It actually takes three days for Reyla to even go unconscious and another four to digest. The resulting assets given to the woman are staggering and has the whole town admiring her.
0, 15, 0, 0, 0

Event
Iris, the chief priestess of the great temple of [village], is conflicted at the introduction of a new tenant in the teachings of the Goddess. A small sect of nuns in the countryside have developed a radical theology. Traditional theology only promotes the benefits of consumption for the predator involved as their body and spirit reaps the rewards of digestion. This radical doctrine states that should the prey be a devotee with a pure heart then they shall be reincarnated into the world with all of their troubles melted away, just as their body had been. Implementing such a thing would mean many who're not brave enough to venture to the battlefield would seek absolution in the stomachs of the priestesses. Refuting this doctrine would reinforce church authority however. What does Iris decide?
Embrace the new theology
Now a few weeks after the introduction of the teachings Iris has found herself constantly busy, and full. As she inspects the temple, both she and the apprentice priestess accompanying her sport massive guts that fill the sacred halls with deep rumbling. While Iris' own gut has sent its occupant's soul on to the next life, her apprentice has to frequently stop and cradle her indigestion riddled tummy as the person within realizes the horrors of passing on. It has been rough on [village] temple. The priestesses have barely been able to keep up with the applicants for holy consumption and require each member of the temple to stuff themselves day and night with no rest. The toll on the town's populace and priestess' bodies has been heavy but the wealth gained from donations is considerable.
400, -10, 0, 0, 0
Reject the false teachings
The heretics are found by inquisitors and sent to a gurgling fate. Perhaps they shall reincarnate as their falsehoods preached but we shall never know. This show of strength encourages many across the empire to respect the faith.
0, 0, 0, 5, 0

Event
Hina, a priestess of the [village] temple, is currently enjoying one of her many duties to the Goddess of Consumption, Avora. Currently stirring gently within her overstretched is a girl she happened upon in the street just outside the temple. Mina could've finished her off hours ago but each motion is a divine blessing so she would never rush the forming of their union. However, just as Mina prepared to return to her private chambers for the evening, a trio of women burst in through the main entrance. Without warning, the lead woman sinks to her knees and grabs onto either side of Mina's gut eliciting a soft burp. "Viola, is that you?!" the woman shouts into Mina's tummy. Sure enough, the prey within her suddenly finds new purpose as they wriggle desperately. "By the Goddess, it is! We heard one of the priestesses..." the woman stops and looks up form Mina's gut and into her eyes and pleads with her, "Please, sister! Viola is our kin! Release her and we'll give you all we have, we beg of you!" Mina looks at the woman digging her nails into the soft flesh of her engorged stomach and thinks. While a sizable donation to the church is always welcomed, to willingly release one's meal is heresy. What does Mina do?  
Accept the offer
The girl is released. Severely burnt and missing a leg but still alive. The women sell all their worldly possessions and donate them to the church. The cash flow is more than welcomed but comes at a cost as temples in other cities catch word of the heretical action taken by the priestesses there in the name of money. 
300, 0, 0, -20, 0
There is only one end for the sinful
With the heretical request of relinquishing her divinely obtained prey, Mina has only one option. With a flurry of movements many would think impossible of a full-gutted woman, Mina catches each of the women before her and sends them sliding down her blessed throat and into her holy belly. Now filled beyond her comfortable limit, Mina is forced to sink down to the floor and simply watch as her own stomach which has eclipsed her in size melts the unfaithful. An entire day goes by with Mina trapped in place. Her digestive system proves overloaded for the first time in her life and she can still feel definitive movement pulse through her intestines as the family slides through them. However, with resolute prayers and the occasional massage from her fellow priestesses, the heretics are absorbed and absolved of their sinful nature. Other temples are pleased by such an act.
0, -4, 0, 5, 0

Event
There was once a young girl from [village] named Amira and she had only one dream; getting a husband and becoming the greatest wife there's ever been. A rather difficult dream to obtain since the vast majority of people in the nation she called home were women. Her mother rejects the notion at every turn, but Amira was relentless in her goal and no matter how many times she was denied she'd ask again a few days later. Thanks to her mother's days as an adventurer she almost certainly have some strings that could be pulled, but doing so would've been difficult if not downright dangerous. Did Amira get her wish? 
Yes
After a particularly draining torrent of requests, her mother finally gave in and agreed to finding Amira a husband. Luckily for her she had made friends with a human during her time adventuring and it just so happened that her old partner had settled down to raise a family of their own and they had a son close to Amira's age. After haggling for terms an agreement was struck and the young man came to live with Amira's family. His name was victor and despite being a bit older than her, he was everything Amira ever wanted. He was smart, nice, and Amira liked looking at his body. Amira imagined when she would get older and she could do lewd things with her new husband, like kiss him.
0, 2, 0, 1, 0
Never
Done with her daughter's never ending pleading, Amira's mother sent her away to take the holy vows and become a nun at the vorestrian monastery. However, Amira proved troublesome, and within her first week had tried to escape no less than seven times. It wasn't too long before Amira annoyed the prioress and got herself swallowed.
0, 0, 0, -1, 0

Event
Amira lived with Victor, her husband that she married in her childhood. The two of them got along very well and it seemed that the two of them were ensured a happy life together. However, while visiting [village] to purchase goods needed back home. However while here they were accosted by a pair of older women. They were Victor's distant cousins from the [empire]. They came to take him back as a better marriage alliance could be made with another family. While Amira and Victor resisted this at first, it soon became apparent that the women were not asking and one could tell just by looking that they were both experienced fighters. What does Amira do?
Accepts fate, for now.
Realizing she had no chance against both of the older women, Amira bowed her head and let them take her beloved. However, Amira swore to herself that when she was stronger she'd get him back.
0, -4, 0, -1, 0
Fight back!
At the prospect of losing her husband before even getting to enjoy him, Amira attacked the two women. She even managed to get one of their heads into her mouth but before she could swallow the other had pulled her off and slurped her down in mere seconds. From within the stomach, Amira could hear Victor trying to fight them and for a moment even felt his hands press deep against the walls surrounding her but it was short lived and his cousins subdued him. For the little time she had left, Amira was taunted by the women who poked and prodded her as the stomach tossed her about until finally claiming her life.
0, 0, 0, -2, 0

Event
After years of searching for her stolen husband, Amira discovered that he had been married off to a powerful matriarch from the [empire]. Finding her way to the manor proved simple but upon arriving Amira sees the place to be heavily guarded. Amira refuses to not get her man back after coming so far. What does she do?
The clever approach
Amira gained a few tricks during her time as an adventurer and was able to disguise herself as a household servant with ease. After scouring the estate, she eventually found her husband Victor. The two embraced once she revealed who she was to him. As a patrol came near, Amira quickly swallowed her husband and hurriedly waddled away. Much to Amira and Victor's dismay, the gateguard stopped her and questioned the obvious bulge in her tummy. Using her charm, Amira blushed and said to the guard, "Our mistress said she wanted to, u-uhm, enhance my 'beauty' before enjoying me herself," adding to the point, she pushed up her ample breast and let them jiggle as Victor squirmed. Amira lets out a little burp and cradles her tummy, "I'm just heading into the village to get some lotion so no stretchmarks stay!" She thrust herself upon the guard, pressing her tits and soft belly against them. It works and they are allowed to leave. Amira wretches her husband up and the two of them escape to [village] where they make a big happy family.
0, 10, 0, 12, 0
The simple approach
Using her martial prowess gained from years of adventuring, Amira cuts through the household guards with ease until she comes face to face with the house matriarch. The woman is huge but from fat and old age starting to set in. While it was a hard fight, Amira proved superior and managed to squeeze the girthy woman into her tight gut which wobbles as the matriarch tries to fight back in vein. After fighting and digesting the rest of the estate's staff Amira finds Victor. The two are elated to see one another again and can't help but embrace one another. The two escape and become an adventuring duo. The money they send back home is considerable but the [empire] is livid at the unprovoked attack.
700, 0, 0, 0, -2

Event
Danni, [village]'s resident fashionista and trend setter, is currently trying out new jewelry and doing her best to suck in her massive belly but can't as the person within has yet to break down. The person in question was a meager waitress that forgot to put extra whip cream on her fruit dessert. The waitress still fights desperately, sending a kick out that causes her predator to belch loudly. "Oooorrruup! Ugh, like so gross!" Danni says derisively as she tries on a different set of earrings. "This is, like totally your own fault for forgetting." Danni takes a moment to look away from her own face and admire her overstretched tummy in the mirror. "Besides, once my tum like, gurgles you up, then you'll totally get to be a part of my perfect bod. Like, isn't that cool?" A fierce wobble and numerous bulges show that the waitress would much rather avoid being digested. Danni winces as their meal fights hard, "Ugh, whatever. Do what you what you want." What happens to Dani's perfect bod?
It is enhanced
Despite eating a whole person by the next day Danni is once again thin and beautiful. The only difference being a slight increase to her bust and thighs.
0, 5, 0, -1, 0
Beautiful in a new way
When Danni wakes up the next day she is horrified by what she finds. Her breasts, butt, and thighs have nearly tripled in size. Even her perfectly flat tummy is now a big round ball of fat, making it look like she's still digesting somebody. Danni screams and throws a tantrum, cursing the waitress she ate while cupping her now massive ass and tits. Danni loses her status as a fashionista and feels like her world is falling apart. But to her surprise a human merchant passing through town is suddenly trying to spend a lot of time with her. Thinking he's actually trying to make fun of her with his advances, she almost eats him, but after looking into his eyes and seeing how they shine when he looks at her she suddenly feels more embarrassed than she ever had. The two eventually shack up and have a few kids together.
0, 0, 0, 5, 0

Event
Mara lets out a delicate burp as her friend sloshes back and forth within her. When she mentioned that she was hungry Mara didn't expect her friend to offer herself up but was glad they had. The motions of her belly as it convulses around her meal makes Mara feel a great excitement. She's even luckier than most in the fact that she has her own male back home. She rubs her distended belly, remembering the three-ways they had before. It would be like that with a delicious twist. There's only one problem; her man absolutely hates vore. Respecting his wishes would certainly be appreciated but she's almost certain that she could conceive if they did it with a gut this full. What does Mara do? 
Respect mate's wishes
With a sigh she speaks with her meal, "It'd be mean to force myself on him. I guess this'll have to be girl time, eh?" Mara gently rubs her writhing tummy before a sudden burst of motion makes her double over. "Ah, guess that's my acids finally getting to ya, huh?" she says with a swift slap to her side and receives a muffled, sobbing scream in response. "Hey! Don't be like that! You're the one who asked to crawl down my throat now deal with it, bitch!" Mara had never been a very gentle pred and just because it was her friend in there didn't change that. After finishing her meal she returns to the welcoming embrace of her male who admires her new body without asking how she obtained it.
0, 4, 0, -1, 0
Mara gets what Mara wants
Mara burst into her mate's home gut first, throwing the shattered door across the room. Entering, she points to the man and screams, "You! Dick! Now!" He tries to back away into a backroom but Mara is upon him in moments. After a brief struggle both of their undergarments are thrown off. Despite his cursing and fighting she finds his member surprisingly stiff. Upon sliding it in, his demeanor slowly begins to change as he thrust madly into her and even begins to massage her distended belly. "A-ah! I knew you'd be into this if you ju- A-AH! Just tried it!" Mara pants, pressing her still writhing tum against his chest and rolling forward into a deep kiss with her man. The two manage to have a trio of daughters from the exchange.
0, 0, 0, 2, 0

Event
Jina and Milly, two girls trying their hardest to attract the attentions of one of [village]'s few males. "Nothing's really worked so far," Milly says to Jina who nods. "Well, men love big tits and a fat ass and we... lack either." The girls sigh, lamenting their luck before Milly suddenly has a great idea. "You know, my sister told me that the best way to get bigger tits is eating somebody... but we're too weak to be REAL preds. Hmm," Milly eyes Jina. "What if... what if one of us ate the other? Let's play a game for it! Winner eats the loser and they'll get a great body while the other doesn't have to worry about boys anymore!" Her friend hesitantly agrees. Who wins?
Jina
Milly goes pale at the result of the game but before she can open her loud mouth Jina has already got hers wrapped around Milly's head. After a pitiful struggle, Jina manages to swallow her screaming friend. Upon being spilled out into Jina's gut, Milly begins speaking through the stomach walls. "J-Jina! You know I was kidding, right?! Right?!!" Jina's full stomach bounces as Milly weakly stirs within. The full-bellied girl heads home and happens across her mother who gasps at the sight of her daughter's full belly. "Miss! It's me, Milly! P-please tell Jina to spit me up! I don't wanna die! Please!" Jina's stomach growls angrily and makes her burp while looking a bit embarrassed as her prey tattles on her but to both of the girl's surprise her mother congratulates her. By morning Milly's cries are gone and Jina is left with a huge butt. While she doesn't get a man, many people appreciate Milly's vanishing.
0, 5, 0, -1, 0
Milly
"Hah! YES! I win!" Milly brags while shaking her hips, "You know what that means! Haha!" Jina doesn't even resist as Milly gulps her down. "Ooooaaarrp! W-wow! This feels great, how are you doing in there, Jina?" Milly asks while draping her arms over the top of friend filled belly. Jina for her part just curls up and waits for the inevitable. Milly keeps talking about how good her gut feels and Jina tunes out most of it. It's only when Milly starts talking with someone else that she pays attention. The person comments that they didn't know Milly was a real pred. Jina realizes with dread that it's her crush talking to Milly! "Oh yeah, I can really pack em away!" Milly brags, arrogantly slapping the top of her gut. Jina suddenly kicks hard, sending Milly forward. To Jina's chagrin she can feel Milly's gut pressing into someone else asking if she's alright. "Oh, yeah! My meal's actually a full blown warrior! Hey, thanks for catching me by the way." Milly's fast talking works wonders and before long the two are going at it like beasts. The last experience Jina has is feeling her crush plow her friend as she dies. Milly for her part marries and has a happy family!
0, 0, 0, 4, 0

Event
Near [village] is a field well-known for its huge number of fawn-like girls. They're barely smart enough to count as sentient but they're great practice for novice warriors. They run easily and even if they do decide to fight, they're herbivores and are weaker than a bunny girl. Zasha, one of the aforementioned novice warriors, has just finished beating down one of the fawn girls and now has her cornered. Zasha can't help but notice how cute the little thing is. The creature's petite yet muscular runner's body is covered with a drenching layer of sweet-smelling sweat while her surprisingly hefty C-cup chest heave from exhaustion after the long chase. It dawns on Zasha that she doesn't want to eat her, not even a little bit. Instead, she wants to...
Have some fun
Zasha presses herself against the fawn-girl who lets out a soft and desperate gasp, thinking it's the end for her. As Zasha begins kneading the girl's breast and gently kissing her belly she startles in a different way but is too tired to do anything about it. Trailing her kisses downward, Zasha is soon sticking her tongue deep into the folds of her pussy, eliciting excited gasps and ragged breathing from the meek fawn. The two continue in the fashion well into the evening before Zasha lets her run off. As Zasha comes out the next day she sees the same fawn-girl looking at her while shaking her ass in her direction, inviting the warrior to chase her.
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
Feed her!
Zasha can't help but stare at the fawn-girl's thin, beautiful stomach and she wants to go inside of it. Thrusting her hands into the exhausted girl's mouth causes her eyes to widen in shock and try to spit them out, but Zasha proves the stronger and is soon feeding her entire torso into the poor thing's stretching tummy. To Zasha's delight, either through desperation or newfound confidence the fawn begins swallowing with gusto and before long has stuffed the much larger woman into her belly. The fawn blushes and lets out a soft burp as she rubs herself, the massive dome of her gut is such that she can't get up or see past it. The girl wriggles a bit, trying to get used to the feeling of such a massive tummy. Zasha can hardly squirm in the tight confines but is happy as the fawn's weak digestive system takes the next few days to break her down. Word of a predatory fawn comes to [village] in the next few weeks. Word of this has attracted many coin-heavy tourist!
50, 0, 0, -1, 0

Event
Donner, one of the few men in [village] yet claimed by one of its many voracious ladies, has always despised the act of eating people ever since his mother ate both of his sisters. Thankfully there's always been one person who's shared his disdain for predators, his best friend Jasmine. He was always put at ease by her kindness and aversion to voracious habits. That is until today. Coming up to her cottage, Donner is making a surprise visit to her home as he often does and opens the door without a thought. It is then he sees Jasmine kneeling on the floor with a massive gut that contains no less than two living people and at least one digested. Jasmine, blissfully unaware of his entrance, lifts her shirt and rubs one of her swelling mammaries saying, "Hehe, once I get finished with you bitches Donner won't be able to resist me," Jasmine burps with a smile and idly looks over at Donner. Her expression changes into a mix of shock, confusion, and dread she freezes in place, still cupping one of her now fat tits while the women inside her writhe and scream for help. What does Donner do? 
Accept Jasmine for who she is
After a stunned moment, Donner sighs and shuts the door behind him. Walking over to his kneeling friend who still shits in frozen mortification and kneeling down next to her. Without a word her begins to massage her engorged gut, pressing the poor women within deeper into the stomach acids within. Jasmine lets out a surprised gasp as he does so and can't help shudder from his touch. She ask with some hesitation that she thought he hated preds. "Oh, I do." he responds with a shrug, "But I like you, Jasmine." The answer makes her even more embarrassed than she was before but before she can respond he speaks again, "And I LOVE these," Donner leans forward to Jasmine's still exposed breast and clamps his mouth around her perky nipple, sucking hard. Jasmine squeals in shock and delight, watching him go with elation. The two become a mated pair and Jasmine proves exceptionally fertile.
0, 0, 0, 12, 0
Leave this village of cannibals
Donner shakes his head in disgust and leaves the house. Jasmine shouts out to him to wait but can't get up due to her engorged gut and merely rolls forward into an uncomfortable position. Donner leaves [village] within the day and travels to the [empire] where such rampant voracity is less common. Despite having a poor opinion of our nation, Donner's recounting of his life endears some aspects of our way of life to the foreigners.
0, 0, 0, -4, 1

Event
Vanessa, ever the predatory opportunist, swallowed some random schmuck in [village]. Letting out a satisfied burp and stroking her distended tummy, Vanessa wanted nothing more than to curl up with her big belly and laze the day away. However her prey proved to be particularly fussy and demanded that Vanessa take the two of them to the local merchant's guild as they had some things to take care of. Vanessa stares at the bulge just beneath her tits as it slowly shifts, contemplating what she should do, if anything.
Follow the prey's orders
Deciding to play along with her the last whims of her meal, Vanessa rests a hand on the small of her back and waddles into the store. She approaches the front desk manned by an apprentice, hoists her tum up and flops it down on top of a stack of papers. Before the clerk can say anything, Vanessa's stomach begins barking out orders which the nearby workers while shocked at first obey with diligence. One of the attendants guide Vanessa to a large office and sit her down. Vanessa for her part just watches and idly caresses her gut with bewildered amusement as her tummy prisoner issues orders to the guild staff. Eventually she feels the person inside her start to go soft and feels them sliding into her intestines. "I know you probably didn't realize this," her stomach says to her as it begins to round out, "But I got my position here in the guild the same way! Enjoy the job!" Vanessa's belly gives one last happy wobble before its contents break apart into a slurry. While confused, Vanessa takes to her duties well.
200, 0, 0, -1, 0
Who listens to meat?
"Uh, UUUURRPP! Obviously not, honey." Vanessa says dismissively to the person inside her gut. A brief, but weak, struggle erupts from her midsection as her bossy meal but all it does is make Vanessa a bit gassy. "Urp! Oh, excuse me!" she says, putting a small hand up to her lips while the other squeezes what she believes is her gutslut's ass. Vanessa returns home and sleeps off her rude prey, enjoying a considerable bust increase which whips the town's suitors into a frenzy for her attentions.
0, 8, 0, -1, 0

Event
In [village] two women walk down the streets, admiring each other's bodies. Danni, the larger of the two sporting a set of hefty breast and jiggling paunch belly rests one hand atop her friend's massive shifting gut while the other squeezes their ass and the two giggle. "Like, I totes can't believe you actually ate a man. Those are so rare and you just gobbled him right up! And you even got to fuck his brains out before. Lucky you!" Her friend blushes and looks away but Danni presses on, fingering the girl's belly button followed by a playful slap to her ass. "You're so blessed that all your meals go to that rockin' ass of yours. I got all this," Danni gropes her own flabby stomach, "from one stupid waitress. So not cool." As she complains, a sudden burst of motion from her friend's belly rips her already strained dress. Danni, ever the fashionista tells her to wait while she goes and gets something for her to wear. What happens next? 
A stylish belly
Upon returning with a bolt of fabric and a good number of pins, Danni manages to swaddle her man-eater friend's massive tummy. The result is an outfit that screams both classy but predatory.
0, 5, 0, -1, 0
Danni goes missing
Unknown to Danni, her striking fashion sense and style had attracted a rather extreme fan to her. Hexa stalked Danni constantly, trying to copy the popular woman's mannerisms. She's seen everything. Including Danni's voracious habits and even though Hexa had eaten a few of her friends, but they always left her feeling hollow even though her belly was so full leading her to an extreme solution. This resolution to Hexa's obsession both elated and filled her in a way she could only imagine before as Danni's toes vanish between her lips. "N-now I'm like you! I'm just like you!" Hexa says, jostling her stomach as Danni screams from within. Several minutes pass and Hexa's gut makes quick work of the fashion diva as her pudgy body melts into Hexa's new bodacious curves. Eventually Danni's friend comes looking for her and happens across Hexa and the two exchange knowing glances at one another's softening tums.
0, 8, 0, -2, 0

Event
In [village], a woman named Kari sighs as she sits at home watching her massive stomach with boredom as it barely wobbles despite having a fresh slave stuffed inside. "Come on! Move, do something!" Kari demands, slapping the side of her belly trying to agitate her meal into action but the poor girl seems resigned to her fate. "Worst fifty gold I've ever spent," Kari says with a defeated sigh as she sinks back into a chair, letting her tummy hang off as it groans. At about this time her husband walks in to tell her something but upon seeing Kari he entirely forgets and his dick rises to attention. Most would think the sight of his wife's massive belly was the cause but Kari knew better. He was always a preyish man, which is why she never let him leave the house. Still, the sight of his erect penis excites her. What does Kari do?  
Have fun with her man.
Encouraging him to come over, Kari leans back to let her gut slosh up to press against her tits and reveal her nethers to her husband. Getting the message, Kari watches as her mate vanishes from sight as he lowers himself behind her globe of a gut. Soon she can feel something wet and slippery pressing into the folds of her vagina, tickling her clit as her own liquids begin to seep out. After a few more minutes getting her ready, her husband stands and slaps his hands against her massive gut before thrusting himself into her again and again. Kari moans in delight and despite her lackluster, thanks to her husband the night would not be boring. To her surprise and delight in the coming weeks Kari quickens with children.
0, 0, 0, 4, 0
Kari has a fresh meal
Wanting to experience something special Kari decides on a whim to do something she always thought about but never actually believed she could do. Letting out a lewd moan, Kari cranes her neck and face towards her man and opens her mouth wide, letting her saliva drip enticingly. With a bit of trepidation her husband approaches and with a bit of coaxing places his hands into her mouth. At that point Kari hardly has to do anything as he takes the initiative and forces himself down her gullet and into her already packed stomach. "Oh, Goddess! You were divine, dear! I've never felt so-" Kari stops her praise as she begins to feel movement from within her. The bulges form a clear outline of her husband straddling the slave girl within her and thrusting forward, pressing the girl's face against the front of Kari's belly. "Uh, wow. I can't believe my husband is cheating on me... in me." Kari's previously still gut burst into motion and while a bit upsetting, the feeling of two people making love within her is unlike anything else she experienced, making the meal the best of her life.
0, 8, 0, -1, 0

Event
In [village] Lindy and her human boyfriend Yarik are enjoying their weekly ritual where Yarik feeds his plump woman by hand until she can't eat any more. Lindy gets quite wrapped up in the experience every time, becoming little more than a moaning mess as her stomach swells from ever increasing portions. Tonight proves rapturous indeed as she almost blacks out several times as food is stuffed down her gullet. Soon enough the food binge ends and Lindy is left basking in her gluttonous achievement. Lindy's dragged back to reality as she feels something tugging her belly forward. Looking down past her hefty tits expecting to see her boyfriend playing with her gut she's surprised to see nothing of the sort. "Wh- Huh?" Lindy mutters, looking around for Yarik before a muffled shout brings her attention back to her stomach which now begins to squirm with purpose. In her hazy eating spree she must have swallowed her man! What does she do?
Get him out of there!
In a sudden panic, Lindy stands and sends her belly into a sloshing fit before rushing to the bathroom. Once there she leans over the tub and begins retching, spewing all of the night's food and also Yarik into the tub. Lindy is quick to check if he's alright and breaths a deep sigh of relief as he begins to cough. Even though the night was supposed to be about her, Lindy just can't help but dote over the boyfriend she nearly gurgled away. 
0, 0, 0, 5, 0
The best way to a girl's heart...
Lindy watches with great interest as her boyfriend wriggles in her guts. She pokes a spot where an active bulge is and confirms that he's still very much alive and solid. She could probably get him out if she hurried. Yet she doesn't hurry. Instead, Lindy plops her fat ass down into a chair and lays backward, letting her wobbling tummy stick out into the open air. The most she does for her poor boyfriend is caress herself, wrapping her arms around that huge globe of flesh containing a massive meal and her lover. Yarik continued to struggle within her, but between the massive amount of food crushing him and his girlfriend's indifference there was no hope of escape, and each movement he made sent waves of ecstasy through her. 
0, 4, 0, -1, 0

Event
Vanessa and her best friend Meryl work at the local general goods store. While restocking the two notice that the potions on a very tall shelf needs to be refilled. With no boxes or ladders in sight, Meryl offers to lift up Vanessa on her shoulders since she's the smaller of the two. On Meryl's shoulders Vanessa manages to reach the shelf but a few bottles in the back prove difficult so she lifts off Meryl's shoulders a bit to lean forward. Vanessa is startled and jumps as a spider brushes her fingertips, sending the two girls tumbling. In the fall, Vanessa backside lands onto Meryl's head, sending the poor girl's torso slurping up into Vanessa's intestines. After a few moments Vanessa sits on the floor, panting heavily as the last of Meryl gets stuffed up her ass. The girl watches with concern as her friend vanishes into her now engorged midsection. After a few minutes trying to cough Meryl up it becomes clear that her friend's situation is a permanent one! What does Vanessa do?
Tell Meryl's family
It takes a great deal of bravery to knock on the door of your prey's family but Vanessa's known them all her life and owes at least this much to them. After knocking at the door, Vanessa stands there fidgeting and idly rubbing her stomach as Meryl tries to fight her best friend's digestive system. The door opens and Meryl's mom comes out. Vanessa starts talking but can't put what happened into words and just rambles. The mother puts a hand on Vanessa's squirming gut and speaks, "This is Meryl in here, isn't it?" Vanessa blushes and nods meekly. "Of course it is," Meryl's mother sighs, "I always knew that silly girl would end up pumping through someone's guts. She was lucky it was you, Vanessa. Come inside, we'll help with your indigestion." Vanessa is guided into the home and waddles into the living room while she and Meryl's mom gently hold onto her straining stomach to prevent it from swaying wildly. Meryl's mother and sisters gather around and massage Vanessa's poor tummy as is breaks down Meryl.  
0, 10, 0, -1, 0
Hide and Digest
"Oh, Meryl! I-I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to!" Vanessa shouts down to her distended tummy as it groans angrily from the sudden huge meal. An ominous bulge presses out causing Vanessa to cry out in pain as it feels like her petite frame is about to burst. "Ah! Meryl! Stop it, you're hurting me!" she cries out, desperately pleading with her meal to go easier on her. Strangely enough, Merly obliges and the bulge slowly sinks back into the blob of flesh wobbling off Vanessa's midsection. "T-thanks, Merly. I'll try and make this quick for us both." Vanessa sadly rubs herself while waddling to the back of the store where she hide behind a shelf of books. Meryl hardly moves anymore, but the occasional motion takes place as Vanessa's intestines move the poor girl up towards the stomach proper. Hours pass and Vanessa's stomach still hasn't shrunk. Eventually the store manager finds Vanessa and figures out what happened to her other worker. Surprisingly the manager is quite pleased and tells Vanessa to man the front with her belly in full display. The sight of the full-bellied girl intimidates customers into not haggling, leading to a considerable profit.
100, 0, 0, -1, 0

Event
Triss had started her day wearing her new dress, a tight-fitting number that accentuated her naturally slim waist, perky breast, and wide waist. She had hoped to draw the attention of the man she'd been courting but all that was a distant memory. Triss now moaned and burped while her stomach gurgled with a violent shake as her surprise meal writhed within. Looking down, Triss sees her dress ruined with ripped pieces draping over her engorged belly. "Oh come on! I just bought this outfit the other day! How did you trip into my mouth?!" Triss admonishes her stomach while running a hand through her hair. "Ugh, sorry about this... could we just..."
"Get you out of there?"
Triss finds a secluded location before lifting the bottom of her stomach up and forcing the prey within out onto the cold ground. The woman, drenched in bile and tingly acids, thanks Triss for letting her go after her embarrassing blunder. The woman turns out to be a wealthy silk merchant and offers to pay Triss a small sum and award her a new dress for her troubles. Triss happily accepts. The silk given to Triss proves far superior to the material of her old dress and fits her snugly. Sadly while she was dealing with the woman another suitor caught the attention of the man. 
75, 0, 0, 0, 0
"Let my belly work you off and forget about it?"
Muffled protest erupts from her now furiously struggling tummy. The sudden fighting makes Triss let out a long belch that turns all heads around in her direction. "Triss, is that you?" asks a deep voice from behind her. Turning around she sees it to be the man she's been courting. Suddenly embarrassed, Triss covers her mouth as she continues belching while also trying to pull the ruined tatters of her once beautiful dress over her bulging gut. She's taken aback when her closes the distance and places his warm hands against her writhing tummy. "I didn't know you had this in you, Triss." he says placing a hand on a particularly active spot near her bellybutton. "You know, I really appreciate a woman that can EAT. How about we head back to my place?" With a soft blush, Triss takes his hand and follows him home. The two have a wonderful time thanks to Triss' hapless meal.
0, 10, 0, -1, 0

Event
Gina of [village] wakes up with a throbbing headache. Rubbing her head, she tries to remember what happened last night but can only recall heading out to the bar. As she sits up Gina finally feels her own massive stomach as it gurgles angrily from her sudden movement. "Oh, I guess I ate someone... Sorry, I guess?" Gina says to her tummy before drumming her fingers against it. Much to her surprise she can feel meaningful movement in her guts, enough to tell her that the person she swallowed is still solid enough to survive if she let them out. Letting them out would mean she doesn't start off her morning murdering someone and she may even get a reward. On the other side, they're already in there and getting them out would take effort. What does Gina do?
Make up for her drunk eating
Laying down on top of her distended gut, Gina begins rocking back and forth. While certainly uncomfortable for her prey the motion and position make it easy for them to get back up Gina's throat. After a few minutes of this the person emerges with a sickening slosh. After a few hours helping the hapless person get back to their feet Gina takes them home. Once there the person rewards their would-be consumer with a pittance.
10, 0, 0, 0, 0
Breakfast is served
Rolling out of bed and standing with a huge stretch that tightens the skin over her engorged gut Gina speaks to her intestinal passenger, "Sorry, whoever you are. Pulling you out would be a hassle and as a general rule I don't really let people out after I ate them, even if it was an accident." Reaching down, she caresses her belly and squeezes it a bit to feel just how far along her meal is. Despite being in her the whole night, they're still fairly solid. "Huh, guess you're a tough one. Let's see if you last till lunch." Gina slaps her tummy, letting it swing freely as she gets dressed. Her meal actually last well into the evening and while the sight of Gina's fully belly frightens some, most can't keep their eyes off the massive stomach. 
0, 5, 0, 0, 0

Event
Shala, a young woman in [village], recently purchased a small cottage on the outskirts of town. Two of her friends came to live with her on the promise they'd pay rent. However, three months have passed and neither girl has given Shala a single coin. Friends to Shala have always been little more than meals-for-later and she actually planned to eat the two of them after squeezing them for cash. Shala could easily eat them at any time, but the slave market in town has actually increased their buying price and could net Shala a good deal of cash. What does she do?
Sell the girls
Her 'friends' prove too weak to resist her and are bound and gagged soon enough. The girls are sold into slavery, netting Shala a good deal of cash. The two girls are obviously unhappy about their descent into slavery.
100, -5, 0, 0, 0
Shala eats them as planned
Before the day's end, Shala manages to corner both of her 'friends' and stuffs them into her hungry gut. Shala taunts the girls wriggling about in her intestines while striding through her now empty cottage, "You girls really should have known better than try and cheat me of cash." she pauses to let out a massive burp that causes her entire body to jiggle. "To be FAIR through, I was always planning on eating you two idiots. But hey, I got someplace for you where rent is absolutely free!" Shala grabs hold of one of her tits and massages the nipple, preparing her friend's new residence as they scream inside her stomach. By the time morning comes, Shala's belly is much flatter while her boobs have swollen considerably. 
0, 6, 0, -2, 0


Event
A self-proclaimed magician has entered [village]. She and her assistant set up a small show in town square. Once up there she asks for a volunteer from the audience. A young woman agrees and comes up to the stage to a round of applause. Once there the assistant and her stand next to each other while the magician produces a large velvet cloth. Standing in front of the girl she lifts the fabric up and brings it down rapidly. As she does so, the magician opens her mouth wide and lunges forward while her assistant holds the poor girl still. By the time the cloth hits the floor the only two left on stage is the assistant and magician sporting a bulging gut. "Ta- URP!" she declares, rubbing the top of her gut, "She's vanished! Thank you all very much!" How does the town react?
With a fine
As two guards come up onto the stage and bind the two up the magician shouts in disbelief, "Ah, come on! It's magic!" she thrust out her gut and shakes it as they drag her away, "MAGIC!" By the end of the day the woman is fined for her disingenuous predatory tactics and released. 
20, 0, 0, -1, 0
Enthusiasm
The magician and her assistant are shocked when the crowd begin to cheer. Even the girl in her belly begins to slosh back and forth happily. More girls begin to raise their hands, desiring to join in on this 'magic.' Within short order the show turns from a magic show to a contest seeing how many people the poor magician girl can fit into her belly. By the end of the day she manages to stuff three more girls down her gullet and another two once the first girls begin to pump into her intestines, even her assistant snags a meal and happily sits on the stage as the crowd either goes home or digests. By this point the magician sits massaging her tummy with a look of bliss. By morning the magician and her assistant have packed up their gear and packed on the pounds. The town seemed to greatly enjoy their show.
0, 14, 0, -7, 0

Event
Within one of the few noble estates dotting [village], a party is taking place. The hostess, well versed in these things after having thrown so many over the years, rests in the parlor rubbing her massive undulating gut as her guest play about inside her. Fellow nobles, friends, and even family all attend the event in her guts and eagerly fondle both each other and the stomach walls encasing them. Elites often seek new thrills as the tedium of their lavish lifestyle and what is more thrilling than an orgy held within the guts of a powerful woman? Sadly for the hostess there are no other women in the group capable of retaining such a large party, leaving her to wait about as her guests romp about in her tummy, leaving her bored and tired. Drumming her fingers atop her belly as a violent thrust from within pushes her niece up, face splayed in a visage of pleasure through her taut skin while pressing against the hostess' breast. This display of lust makes her decide that she'll have some fun tonight too. But how?
Summon a male
A man is brought forth from the village below. With a wicked smile the hostess beckons him closer. Once near she grabs hold of him and presses his face against her undulating stomach. "Do you hear the time they're having in there?" she says as a chorus of lewd moans escape her midsection. "I want you to fuck me so hard that I forget they're even there. Otherwise," she flicks her tongue across her teeth, "I'll gobble you up to." With a fearful obedience the man goes behind the hostess and begins to lavish her hindquarters with attention. By the end of the night both she and her guests have been fully pleased with the encounter. She lets her guest out one at a time and they arrange their next meeting date. Much to her surprise the hostess finds she is pregnant a few days later!
0, 10, 0, 1, 0
Well, she already has a full belly...
Looking down at her wriggling tum the hostess has a wicked thought. What if she just... digested them? Her belly is supposed to be a safe place and those squirming eagerly inside are her relatives and friends! The movement within tingles all of her senses more as she contemplates it. Gradually she begins to fill her stomach with acids, not too much at first, but enough to start digesting them. In their heat her guest hardly notice, or at the very least, she can't tell the difference between their motions and muffled screams. She continues pumping more and more acid in as the night goes on and before she even realizes all the guest within her have ceased moving. Her servants escort her to bed and once there she simply glows while rubbing the side of her treacherous belly. By morning her friends, peers, and family have all found residence as fat on her now massive tits. The woman consolidates their holdings into one, increasing tax efficiency.
200, 0, 0, -10, 0

Event
In [village] a woman comes home to find her younger sister sitting in the parlor, arms wrapped around a wriggling gut that shifts and shudders with each desperate pant. "A-Ah, Sis!" the younger sibling exclaims upon seeing her older sister as she tries to contain her excitement from her writhing tum. "G-get help! I accidentally ate mom and she's a-actually fighting me from coughing her back up!" her belly jiggles happily, making the girl's massive breast vibrate also, leaving the poor young woman gasping for air. The older sister watches the scene for a moment and can't help but feel excited thankfully she still has some sense about her. What does she do?
Get Help!
Shaking lewd thoughts from her head the older sibling runs out and finds the local healer. The two rush back to find her sister lying on her back, belly sticking out into the air and stretching wildly as their mother plays about within the little sister. Moving quickly, the healer flips the girl over and begins to massage her massive tum, thrusting upward. Soon enough the girl begins to heave and their mom comes sliding out. After examining the partially digested woman the healer discovers that she accidentally ingested a certain tea leaf that leads towards preyish desires. The family is pleased that nobody got digested.
0, 5, 0, 0, 0
Join the fun!
The elder sibling slams the door behind her and begins stripping, revealing her petite but perky frame. "W-What are you doing Sis?" her younger sister asks as she approaches. Straddling the pulsating gut containing their mother, the older sister presses her hands into the soft doughy tits of her junior and begins massaging them until a light trickle of milk erupts. The young woman shudders in excitement and doesn't even get a chance to speak before she's pressed into a deep kiss which she returns greedily. She is once again surprised when her older sibling lurches forward, forcing herself into her mouth and down her gullet. "Mmmph!" the girl screams as her throat is filled and is forced to swallow hard to prevent herself from suffocating. Her gut doubles in size as it stretches to accommodate both mother and sister. "Wha! No! Sis, please come out!" she pleads with her family as they squirm within her but her pleas are ignored as her belly melts them down. She is seen in town the following days sporting a massive rack and while many assume what happened to her family, most really appreciate the spectacle!
0, 10, 0, -2, 0

Event
The manager of one of [village]'s farms has noticed one of her workers has been slacking on the job for the past few days. The worker has been found lazing about more than once and the fields entrusted to her have gone untended. Early in the morning the manager finds the woman sleeping behind a shed, shirtless, passed out, and reeking of booze. What does she do? 
Fire the lazy sod
With a great shout the manager awakens the worker and kicks her off of the farm. In the coming days she hires a new worker for a slight cost.
-5, 0, 0, 0, 0
The early bird gets the worm
Fed up with the girl, she grabs hold of the worker's feet and places them in her mouth. Before the worker can even stir from her drunken stupor the manager slurps the girl down like a noodle, causing her stomach to stretch as her new meal settles in. Standing up with an uneasy wobble, the manager rests a hand against the small of her back while using the other to undo the buttons of her blouse to let her breast and swollen gut hang freely in the breeze. Before long bulges begin to press out from her taut tummy and an intense gurgling begins as the prey within wakes up in her potent acids. "Well, well! Look who's finally awake," the manager declares, arrogantly patting her swollen midsection. "Don't worry, you're not fired. We're just putting your specific talents to use!" She smiles as her stomach goes still later in the day. In the morning the woman walks out to the field, one hand idly draped across her softened gut. Once there she squats and releases the worker as fresh fertilizer for the farm. The quality of that year's crop is quite nice!
5, 0, 0, -1, 0

Event
Chloe is one of the kindest girls in [village], always helping and making sure everyone is comfortable. Even the thought of violence seems to scare the poor thing. It is no small surprise when she is seen sporting a engorged gut that gently rocks back and forth as she waddles about her homestead. On occasion she stops to gently stroke a bulge that presses out against her taut skin. When asked about her meal she blushes for a moment before explaining, "Well you see, I- URP! Oh, excuse me!" Chloe raises a hand to her lips that part in a smile while the other happily pats her bloated tum. "I was just going about the morning chores when this woman came up and asked if she could..."
"Spend the day in my belly!"
"So of course I obliged!" Her tummy lets out a soft gurgle and wobbles slightly as she continues, "Luckily for both of us I have weak acids! It takes me all day just to digest breakfast, so we're safe until night time!" She looks down at her stomach and smiles as the woman inside squirms around, tickling Chloe from within. It's clear that the heavy weight in her gut hampers her ability to do chores but the kind girl does them with a smile and even sings to her comfortable prey. By the day's end the woman is spit out and pays Chloe for the trouble.
45, 0, 0, 0, 0
"Digest in my tummy!"
"I was uncertain at first," Chloe says with a frown while rubbing the sides of her bloated stomach with both hands, "but she begged and begged and I just didn't have the heart to say no!" Looking down, the kind girl watches her belly jiggle happily beneath her fingertips as she brings them up to rub a bulge poking out on the top of her gut. Sadly due to her rarely eating anything besides plants, Chloe's digestion of the woman takes a very long time with it being well into the second day until the girl within finally submits to the acids within. Chloe is miserable with indigestion for the next week as her belly slowly shrinks while her breast and ass begin to fatten up. The villagers are touched by Chloe's willingness to go through hardship for a stranger and feel at ease with her in town.
0, 5, 0, -1, 0

Event
A shop apprentice sits manning the front, kicking her feet up onto the counter and massaging a bulging gut that stretches and wobbles considerably as the previous customer moves about within. Despite knowing that her master would be quite irate as eating customers is strictly against company policy but since her boss is out today it shouldn't be a- "Enjoying yourself?" the voice of her master shatters her confidence and she stands suddenly, making her tummy groan at the sudden motion as she faces her boss. Without saying another word the veteran merchant rests a hand on her apprentice's belly and says, "We apologize for the inconvenience, Ma'am." And before the young predator can say anything she finds herself being hoisted into the air and stuffed down her master's gullet, customer filled belly and all. "Urgh," the woman groans as her gut accommodates her double stuffed meal, "You can't just go around eating our customers! You'll stay in there until you..."
"Learn your lesson!"
"You know this is what happens when you did it last time, when will you learn?" The boss says, shaking her gut and making the poor apprentice dizzy. "Sheesh, tell you what if you can keep her alive in there until I let you out, I won't make you reorganize the warehouse." The merchant pats herself and grunts as she hoists her massive belly up onto her table and begins to go over the store's records. After a few hours, a bulge forms atop her gut and shifts the papers to fall down onto the floor. With an exasperated sigh the merchant talks to her wayward student, "I SUPPOSE you've been in there long enough." Upon being released the apprentice stands at attention, now nude, as her senior jiggles her softened tum and gives her a withering look. "Welp off to the warehouse with you," she says, slapping the girl on the plumpening ass as she runs off. 
0, 2, 0, -1, 0
"Digest!"
"Honestly taking you in as an apprentice has been nothing but a net loss for my store!" she declares, angrily slapping a bulge making her belly button pop out. Her student reels from the whack, sloshing back and forth in the belly while cradling her own. Meanwhile outside her master begins taking stock of the front of house. Going through the shelves she begins to rearrange items, placing products atop her massive, gently pulsing gut. "You had a good sense about you too," she idly chats with her former subordinate as they slowly digest, "If only you could've controlled that hunger of yours! She was, what? The fourth!" A weak muffled reply emits from the left side of her belly. "That's right, five! I entirely forgot about Missus Jona! And on the day of her wedding too! Well I hope they tasted good because you're done now!" Soon the merchant's gut finishes off the girl and she is left with considerably enhanced thighs and a need to purchase a new wardrobe. With the little voracious monster gone business does better.
45, 0, 0, -2, 0